exhale inhale
inhale exhale
rest be_active
be_active rest
sleep wake
hibernate aestivate
estivate hibernate
aestivate hibernate
fall_asleep wake_up
go_to_bed get_up
turn_in turn_out
get_up go_to_bed
turn_out turn_in
wake_up fall_asleep
awaken cause_to_sleep
cause_to_sleep awaken
wake sleep
anesthetize bring_to
bring_to anesthetize
sedate stimulate
stimulate sedate
energize de-energize
energise de-energise
de-energize energize
de-energise energise
refresh tire
tense relax
strain unstrain
relax tense
unstrain strain
tense relax
relax tense
laugh cry
overdress underdress
dress_up dress_down
dress_down dress_up
underdress overdress
reduce gain
gain reduce
dress undress
dress undress
overdress underdress
underdress overdress
undress dress
slip_on slip_off
slip_off slip_on
carry_to_term miscarry
miscarry carry_to_term
irritate soothe
soothe irritate
suffer be_well
be_well suffer
cry laugh
tire refresh
vomit keep_down
keep_down vomit
infect disinfect
disinfect infect
deteriorate recuperate
recuperate deteriorate
change stay
stay change
differentiate dedifferentiate
dedifferentiate differentiate
mythologize demythologize
demythologize mythologize
decrease increase
increase decrease
increase decrease
assimilate dissimilate
assimilate dissimilate
assimilate dissimilate
dissimilate assimilate
dissimilate assimilate
dissimilate assimilate
vitalize devitalize
devitalize vitalize
enrich deprive
deprive enrich
take_away add
unclutter clutter
clutter unclutter
add take_away
activate inactivate
inactivate activate
deaden enliven
enliven deaden
correct falsify
falsify correct
worsen better
better worsen
better worsen
worsen better
dehydrate hydrate
hydrate dehydrate
wet dry
humidify dehumidify
dehumidify humidify
dry wet
lock unlock
unlock lock
engage disengage
disengage engage
strengthen weaken
strengthen weaken
weaken strengthen
weaken strengthen
deoxidize oxidize
deoxidise oxidise
oxidize deoxidize
oxidise deoxidise
reduce blow_up
blow_up reduce
shrink stretch
contract expand
stretch shrink
contract expand
progress regress
regress progress
age rejuvenate
rejuvenate age
soften harden
soften harden
repair break
inflate deflate
deflate inflate
acidify alkalize
alkalize acidify
get_well get_worse
get_worse get_well
freeze unfreeze
block unblock
unblock block
unfreeze freeze
stabilize destabilize
stabilise destabilise
destabilize stabilize
destabilise stabilise
stabilize destabilise
destabilize stabilize
destabilise stabilize
sensitize desensitize
desensitize sensitize
disorder order
predate postdate
postdate predate
order disorder
whiten blacken
blacken whiten
lighten darken
discolor color
color discolor
escalate de-escalate
de-escalate escalate
beautify uglify
uglify beautify
tune untune
untune tune
qualify disqualify
disqualify qualify
widen narrow
let_out take_in
take_in let_out
narrow widen
implode explode
explode implode
dehydrogenate hydrogenate
hydrogenate dehydrogenate
blur focus
darken brighten
darken lighten
brighten darken
blur focus
focus blur
focus blur
depreciate appreciate
depreciate appreciate
appreciate depreciate
appreciate depreciate
shorten lengthen
lengthen shorten
shorten lengthen
lengthen shorten
materialize dematerialize
materialise dematerialise
dematerialize materialize
dematerialise materialise
begin end
begin end
end begin
die be_born
be_born die
unify disunify
disunify unify
cool heat
cool heat
heat cool
heat cool
freeze boil
boil freeze
personalize depersonalize
personalise depersonalise
depersonalize personalize
depersonalise personalise
stifle stimulate
sharpen flatten
flatten sharpen
synchronize desynchronize
synchronise desynchronise
desynchronize synchronize
desynchronise synchronise
disintegrate integrate
magnetize demagnetize
magnetise demagnetise
demagnetize magnetize
demagnetise magnetise
simplify complicate
complicate simplify
pressurize depressurize
pressurise depressurise
depressurize pressurize
depressurise pressurise
centralize decentralize
centralise decentralise
concentrate deconcentrate
decentralize centralise
deconcentrate concentrate
winterize summerize
summerize winterize
nationalize denationalize
nationalise denationalise
denationalize nationalize
denationalise nationalise
naturalize denaturalize
denaturalize naturalize
naturalize denaturalize
denaturalize naturalize
immigrate emigrate
emigrate immigrate
stiffen loosen
stiffen loosen
loosen stiffen
loosen stiffen
transitivize detransitivize
detransitivize transitivize
appear disappear
appear disappear
disappear appear
disappear appear
minimize maximize
minimise maximise
scale_down scale_up
scale_up scale_down
maximize minimize
maximise minimise
thin thicken
thin thicken
thicken thin
thicken thin
wax wane
wax wane
wane wax
wane wax
unfurl roll_up
roll_up unfurl
diversify specialise
specialize diversify
specialise diversify
accelerate decelerate
decelerate accelerate
accelerate decelerate
decelerate accelerate
decrease increase
harden soften
harden soften
validate invalidate
invalidate validate
empty fill
empty fill
fill empty
fill empty
homogenise curdle
homogenize curdle
homogenise curdle
curdle homogenise
rush delay
delay rush
quieten louden
louden quieten
align skew
skew align
integrate disintegrate
decontaminate contaminate
contaminate decontaminate
calcify decalcify
decalcify calcify
emulsify demulsify
emulsify demulsify
demulsify emulsify
demulsify emulsify
denazify nazify
nazify denazify
denitrify nitrify
nitrify denitrify
stimulate stifle
disable enable
enable disable
background foreground
play_down play_up
foreground background
play_up play_down
mystify demystify
demystify mystify
de-ionate ionate
iodinate de-iodinate
de-iodinate iodinate
ionate de-ionate
occidentalize orientalize
occidentalise orientalise
orientalize occidentalize
orientalise occidentalise
salinate desalinate
desalinate salinate
scramble unscramble
unscramble scramble
crescendo decrescendo
decrescendo crescendo
back veer
veer back
deflate inflate
inflate deflate
deflate inflate
inflate deflate
stalinize destalinize
destalinize stalinize
know ignore
keep_track lose_track
lose_track keep_track
ignore know
remember forget
forget remember
mind forget
remember forget
forget remember
forget mind
neglect attend_to
exclude include
attend_to neglect
literalize spiritualize
spiritualize literalize
add subtract
subtract add
multiply divide
divide multiply
differentiate integrate
integrate differentiate
analyze synthesize
synthesize analyze
downgrade upgrade
upgrade downgrade
prove disprove
affirm negate
negate affirm
invalidate validate
validate invalidate
disprove prove
underestimate overestimate
overestimate underestimate
approve disapprove
disapprove approve
dispose indispose
indispose dispose
believe disbelieve
disbelieve believe
include exclude
reject accept
accept reject
approbate reprobate
reprobate approbate
distrust trust
mistrust trust
trust distrust
respect disrespect
esteem disesteem
disrespect respect
disesteem esteem
overvalue undervalue
overestimate underestimate
undervalue overvalue
underestimate overestimate
associate dissociate
dissociate associate
claim disclaim
disclaim claim
disclaim claim
claim disclaim
persuade dissuade
talk_out_of talk_into
talk_into talk_out_of
dissuade persuade
forbid permit
disallow allow
refuse accept
accept refuse
contract_in contract_out
contract_out contract_in
permit forbid
allow disallow
assent dissent
dissent assent
disagree agree
agree disagree
approve disapprove
disapprove approve
avoid confront
confront avoid
deny admit
admit deny
avow disavow
disavow avow
criticize praise
overstate understate
understate overstate
blame absolve
disparage flatter
deceive undeceive
undeceive deceive
praise criticize
cheer complain
applaud boo
boo applaud
curse bless
bless curse
consecrate desecrate
desecrate consecrate
flatter disparage
oblige disoblige
disoblige oblige
make break
welcome say_farewell
say_farewell welcome
absolve blame
acquit convict
convict acquit
complain cheer
shout whisper
whisper shout
indicate contraindicate
indicate contraindicate
contraindicate indicate
talk keep_quiet
keep_quiet talk
clarify obfuscate
obfuscate clarify
devoice voice
voice devoice
expand contract
check_in check_out
clock_in clock_out
punch_in punch_out
check_out check_in
clock_out clock_in
punch_out punch_in
qualify disqualify
disqualify qualify
encode decode
decode encode
record erase
erase record
specify generalize
generalize specify
excommunicate communicate
communicate excommunicate
close_up open_up
open_up close_up
spell unspell
unspell spell
enter drop_out
drop_out enter
arm disarm
disarm arm
demobilize mobilize
demobilise mobilise
mobilize demobilize
mobilise demobilise
war make_peace
make_peace war
enlist discharge
discharge enlist
mobilize demobilize
demobilize mobilize
militarize demilitarize
militarise demilitarise
demilitarize militarize
demilitarise militarise
lose win
win lose
gain fall_back
fall_back gain
surrender resist
resist surrender
attack defend
defend attack
overshoot undershoot
defuse fuse
fuse defuse
undershoot overshoot
consume abstain
eat_in eat_out
eat_out eat_in
live_in live_out
live_out live_in
feed starve
breastfeed bottlefeed
bottlefeed breastfeed
starve feed
starve be_full
be_full starve
abstain consume
clasp unclasp
hold let_go_of
clasp unclasp
unclasp clasp
twist untwist
untwist twist
hit miss
miss hit
dull sharpen
sharpen dull
smooth roughen
roughen smooth
fold unfold
bend unbend
unbend bend
wrap unwrap
unwrap wrap
untie tie
tie untie
chain unchain
unchain chain
strap unstrap
unstrap strap
attach detach
join disjoin
disjoin join
disjoin join
join disjoin
attach detach
couple uncouple
uncouple couple
prefix suffix
suffix prefix
detach attach
detach attach
bridle unbridle
bind unbind
lash unlash
unlash lash
unbind bind
dock undock
undock dock
aggrade degrade
degrade aggrade
hitch unhitch
unhitch hitch
cover uncover
uncover cover
fasten unfasten
unzip zip_up
bar unbar
unbar bar
fasten unfasten
unfasten fasten
unfasten fasten
close open
open close
open close
close open
lock unlock
unlock lock
bolt unbolt
unbolt bolt
unscrew screw
screw unscrew
seal unseal
zip_up unzip
unseal seal
connect disconnect
disconnect connect
mask unmask
unmask mask
string unstring
unstring string
hook unhook
belt unbelt
unbelt belt
unhook hook
staple unstaple
unstaple staple
clip unclip
unclip clip
button unbutton
unbutton button
pin unpin
unpin pin
break repair
spread gather
gather spread
compress decompress
decompress compress
plug_in unplug
unplug plug_in
cork uncork
uncork cork
bring take_away
take_away bring
pull push
adduct abduct
abduct adduct
entangle disentangle
snarl unsnarl
disentangle entangle
unsnarl snarl
arrange disarrange
disarrange arrange
let_go_of hold
free obstruct
obstruct free
clog unclog
unclog clog
stuff unstuff
unstuff stuff
pack unpack
veil unveil
unveil veil
box unbox
unbox box
unpack pack
crate uncrate
uncrate crate
burden unburden
unburden burden
charge discharge
discharge charge
yoke unyoke
inspan outspan
unyoke yoke
outspan inspan
harness unharness
unharness harness
saddle unsaddle
unsaddle saddle
attract repel
repel attract
switch_on switch_off
switch_off switch_on
engage disengage
disengage engage
twine untwine
untwine twine
weave unweave
unweave weave
braid unbraid
unbraid braid
unravel ravel
unknot knot
ravel unravel
knot unknot
unravel ravel
wind unwind
unwind wind
coil uncoil
uncoil coil
malfunction function
function malfunction
run idle
idle run
go_on go_off
go_off go_on
lodge dislodge
dislodge lodge
clean dirty
dirty clean
handwash machine_wash
machine_wash handwash
sit lie
stand lie
lie sit
buckle unbuckle
unbuckle buckle
unfold fold
sheathe unsheathe
unsheathe sheathe
wire unwire
unwire wire
make unmake
unmake make
phase_in phase_out
phase_out phase_in
incarnate disincarnate
disincarnate incarnate
assemble disassemble
disassemble assemble
raise level
level raise
cast_on cast_off
cast_off cast_on
overact underact
underact overact
agitate calm
calm agitate
worry reassure
reassure worry
hate love
love hate
dislike like
like dislike
dehumanize humanize
humanize dehumanize
attract repel
repel attract
despair hope
hope despair
elate depress
gladden sadden
sadden gladden
sadden gladden
gladden sadden
lighten weigh_down
weigh_down lighten
depress elate
please displease
satisfy dissatisfy
dissatisfy satisfy
content discontent
discontent content
displease please
enchant disenchant
disenchant enchant
hearten dishearten
encourage discourage
discourage encourage
dishearten hearten
interest bore
bore interest
wish begrudge
begrudge wish
admire look_down_on
look_down_on admire
move stand_still
stand_still move
travel stay_in_place
stay_in_place travel
go come
come go
move stay
move_in move_out
move_out move_in
stay move
start stop
stop start
stop start
start stop
push pull
tide ebb
ebb tide
float sink
walk ride
cross uncross
uncross cross
file_in file_out
pop_in pop_out
pop_out pop_in
file_out file_in
hop_on hop_out
hop_out hop_on
ride walk
rise fall
ascend descend
rise set
set rise
descend ascend
fall rise
lower raise
raise lower
disembark embark
embark disembark
arise lie_down
sit_down arise
lie_down arise
glycerolize deglycerolize
deglycerolize glycerolize
sink float
advance recede
advance back
recede advance
back advance
follow precede
precede follow
arrive leave
bottom_out top_out
top_out bottom_out
depart stay
stay depart
leave arrive
pull_out pull_in
pull_in pull_out
exit enter
get_off get_on
enter exit
get_on get_off
diverge converge
converge diverge
straighten bend
bend straighten
linger rush
rush linger
expand contract
dock undock
undock dock
suffer enjoy
enjoy suffer
overexpose underexpose
underexpose overexpose
overexpose underexpose
underexpose overexpose
desensitize sensitize
desensitise sensitise
sensitize desensitize
sensitise desensitise
notice ignore
ignore notice
odorize deodorize
odourise deodourise
deodorize odorize
deodourise odourise
show hide
open close
close open
hide show
orient disorient
disorient orient
blur focus
focus blur
quieten louden
louden quieten
soften sharpen
sharpen soften
sweeten sour
sour sweeten
give take
keep lose
take give
buy sell
deny allow
bequeath disinherit
import export
export import
download upload
upload download
accept refuse
refuse accept
honor dishonor
dishonor honor
sell buy
retail wholesale
wholesale retail
log_in log_out
log_out log_in
overpay underpay
underpay overpay
pay_up default
default pay_up
bounce clear
allow deny
credit debit
debit credit
overspend underspend
underspend overspend
overspend underspend
underspend overspend
waste conserve
conserve waste
invest divest
claim forfeit
requisition derequisition
derequisition requisition
profit break_even
break_even lose
find lose
lose find
lose keep
lose win
win lose
lose break_even
clear bounce
overbid underbid
underbid overbid
outbid underbid
underbid outbid
forfeit claim
deposit withdraw
withdraw deposit
divest invest
disinherit bequeath
charge pay_cash
pay_cash charge
impoverish enrich
enrich impoverish
overcharge undercharge
undercharge overcharge
mark_up mark_down
mark_down mark_up
overstock understock
understock overstock
borrow lend
lend borrow
muzzle unmuzzle
unmuzzle muzzle
import export
export import
kern kern
kern kern
unbridle bridle
act refrain
leave_office take_office
take_office leave_office
divest invest
invest divest
enthrone dethrone
dethrone enthrone
promote demote
demote promote
fire hire
succeed precede
precede succeed
hire fire
work idle
idle work
free confine
let prevent
open close
close open
open close
close open
establish abolish
abolish establish
organize disorganize
organise disorganise
disorganize organize
disorganise organise
certify decertify
decertify certify
exclude admit
admit exclude
prevent let
respect disrespect
disrespect respect
boycott patronise
patronize boycott
patronise boycott
divide unite
unite divide
disenfranchise enfranchise
enfranchise disenfranchise
invalidate validate
validate invalidate
issue recall
recall issue
outlaw legalize
criminalize decriminalize
criminalise decriminalise
legalize outlaw
legalise outlaw
decriminalize criminalize
decriminalise criminalise
desegregate segregate
segregate desegregate
confine free
expatriate repatriate
repatriate expatriate
admit reject
reject admit
classify declassify
declassify classify
restrict derestrict
derestrict restrict
regulate deregulate
deregulate regulate
advantage disadvantage
disadvantage advantage
wrong right
misbehave behave
behave misbehave
right wrong