dorsal abaxial
ventral adaxial
abducting abducent
adductive adducent
adducting adducent
emerging emergent
shortened cut
uncut full-length
unquestioning implicit
comparative relative
absorptive absorbent
sorbefacient absorbefacient
assimilative assimilating
assimilatory assimilating
spongelike spongy
nonabsorptive nonabsorbent
resistant repellent
adsorptive adsorbent
surface-assimilative adsorbent
chemosorptive chemisorptive
nonadsorptive nonadsorbent
adsorbate adsorbable
abstentious abstinent
ascetical ascetic
austere ascetic
spartan ascetic
crapulous crapulent
esurient edacious
rapacious edacious
ravening edacious
ravenous edacious
voracious edacious
wolfish edacious
piggish hoggish
piggy hoggish
porcine hoggish
swinish hoggish
too-greedy overgreedy
ideational conceptional
notional conceptional
ideologic ideological
tangible real
galore abounding
copious ample
plenteous ample
plentiful ample
rich ample
voluminous copious
lush exuberant
luxuriant exuberant
profuse exuberant
riotous exuberant
plethoric overabundant
rife overabundant
ill-treated abused
maltreated abused
mistreated abused
unimpeachable unexceptionable
objectionable exceptionable
reachable approachable
get-at-able come-at-able
getatable come-at-able
ready_to_hand handy
unaccessible inaccessible
remote outback
roadless pathless
trackless pathless
untracked pathless
untrod pathless
untrodden pathless
unreachable unapproachable
unreached unapproachable
out_of_reach unapproachable
un-get-at-able un-come-at-able
ungetatable un-come-at-able
accommodative accommodating
obliging complaisant
unobliging unaccommodating
uncooperative disobliging
faithful close
hi-fi high-fidelity
dead_on_target true
right veracious
outside away
incorrect faulty
wrong faulty
wide_of_the_mark wide
wont_to used_to
alkalic alkaline
alcalescent alkalescent
amphiprotic amphoteric
acidophilous acidophilic
aciduric acidophilic
recognized accepted
recognised accepted
granted given
unsung unappreciated
unvalued unappreciated
secret unavowed
unrecognised unrecognized
covetous avaricious
grabby avaricious
grasping avaricious
greedy avaricious
prehensile avaricious
predacious predaceous
predatory predaceous
ravening rapacious
voracious rapacious
astir about
athletic acrobatic
gymnastic acrobatic
nimble agile
quick agile
spry agile
overactive hyperactive
deskbound desk-bound
dormant abeyant
underactive hypoactive
sluggish inert
soggy inert
torpid inert
slow dull
sluggish dull
unused idle
activistic activist
inactive passive
supine resistless
unresisting resistless
inactive dormant
live alive
dynamic active
existent actual
possible potential
adaptative adaptive
reconciling accommodative
nonadaptive dysfunctional
alcohol-dependent alcoholic
dependant dependent
drug-addicted dependent
hooked dependent
strung-out dependent
habit-forming addictive
cumulative accumulative
addible addable
additional extra
complementary complemental
completing complemental
summative summational
supplemental supplementary
equal adequate
capable adequate_to
equal_to adequate_to
up_to adequate_to
unequal inadequate
lacking deficient
wanting deficient
incompetent incapable
unequal_to incapable
short-staffed short-handed
undermanned short-handed
understaffed short-handed
agglutinative agglutinate
tenacious coherent
glutinous gluey
gummy gluey
mucilaginous gluey
pasty gluey
sticky gluey
viscid gluey
viscous gluey
icky gooey
gummy gummed
resinous pitchy
resiny pitchy
tarry pitchy
nonviscid nonglutinous
non-resinous nonresinous
nonresiny nonresinous
non-resiny nonresinous
procedural adjective
essential substantive
decorated adorned
gemmed beady
jeweled beady
jewelled beady
sequined beady
spangled beady
spangly beady
monocled bespectacled
spectacled bespectacled
embossed brocaded
raised brocaded
cloisonne champleve
tinseled clinquant
tinselly clinquant
plumed crested
topknotted crested
tufted crested
feathered feathery
plumy feathery
frilly frilled
ruffled frilled
wainscoted paneled
tasselled tasseled
undecorated unadorned
bare plain
spare plain
unembellished plain
unornamented plain
neat clean
cunning clever
ingenious clever
co-ordinated coordinated
dexterous deft
dextrous deft
nimble-fingered light-fingered
bungling bumbling
butterfingered bumbling
ham-fisted bumbling
ham-handed bumbling
handless bumbling
heavy-handed bumbling
left-handed bumbling
tactless inept
nonmechanical unmechanical
good beneficial
positive plus
preferential discriminatory
negative minus
adventuresome adventurous
daring audacious
venturesome audacious
venturous audacious
swashbuckling swaggering
best better
unadvisable inadvisable
advised well-advised
unadvised ill-advised
aerophilic aerobic
aerophilous aerobic
anaerobiotic anaerobic
esthetic aesthetic
aesthetical aesthetic
esthetical aesthetic
enhancive cosmetic
unaesthetic inaesthetic
unartistic inartistic
stricken smitten
struck smitten
unswayed uninfluenced
untouched uninfluenced
unnatural affected
strained agonistic
contrived artificial
hokey artificial
stilted artificial
forced constrained
strained constrained
natural lifelike
affirmatory affirmative
dissenting dissentient
dissident dissentient
afeared afeard
appalled aghast
dismayed aghast
shocked aghast
scared frightened
horror-stricken horrified
horror-struck horrified
aquaphobic hydrophobic
panicked panicky
panic-stricken panicky
panic-struck panicky
terrified panicky
frightened panicky
terror-struck terror-stricken
fearless unafraid
unflinching unblinking
unintimidated unblinking
unshrinking unblinking
bellicose battleful
combative battleful
militant competitive
high-pressure hard-hitting
rapacious predatory
raptorial predatory
ravening predatory
vulturine predatory
vulturous predatory
rough pugnacious
nonaggressive unaggressive
emotional aroused
excited aroused
worked_up aroused
overwrought distraught
shaken jolted
hectic feverish
frenetic frantic
phrenetic frantic
frenzied frantic
roiling churning
roiled churning
roily churning
turbulent churning
churned-up churning
ruffled rippled
bothersome annoying
galling annoying
irritating annoying
nettlesome annoying
pesky annoying
pestering annoying
pestiferous annoying
plaguy annoying
plaguey annoying
teasing annoying
vexatious annoying
vexing annoying
abrasive harsh
nerve-wracking nerve-racking
stressful nerve-racking
trying nerve-racking
air-to-ground air-to-surface
watchful alert
open-eyed argus-eyed
vigilant argus-eyed
wakeful argus-eyed
wide-awake heads-up
sleepless lidless
unwatchful unalert
unvigilant unalert
conveyable assignable
negotiable assignable
transferable assignable
transferrable assignable
unalienable inalienable
infrangible absolute
inviolable absolute
unassignable nontransferable
untransferable nontransferable
live alive
at_peace asleep
at_rest asleep
deceased asleep
departed asleep
gone asleep
exsanguine bloodless
exsanguinous bloodless
inanimate breathless
pulseless breathless
d.o.a. d
deathly deathlike
exanimate lifeless
out extinct
alphabetical alphabetic
alphabetised alphabetized
selfless altruistic
egoistical egoistic
egocentric egoistic
self-centered egoistic
self-centred egoistic
self-involved self-absorbed
double-barrelled double-barreled
oracular enigmatic
multi-valued multivalent
polysemantic polysemous
pushy pushful
aspiring aspirant
wishful aspirant
determined compulsive
driven compulsive
would-be manque
ambitionless unambitious
good full
wide-cut wide
full wide
meagre meager
meagerly meager
stingy meager
scrimpy meager
scanty bare
spare bare
miserable measly
paltry measly
energy-storing constructive-metabolic
katabolic catabolic
energy-releasing destructive-metabolic
stigmatic anastigmatic
catabatic katabatic
anal_retentive anal
analog analogue
linear analogue
analytical analytic
synthetical synthetic
uninflected analytic
polysynthetic agglutinative
analytical analytic
synthetical synthetic
provoked aggravated
enraged angered
furious angered
infuriated angered
maddened angered
irascible choleric
mad huffy
sore huffy
incensed indignant
outraged indignant
umbrageous indignant
ireful irate
smouldering smoldering
wroth wrathful
wrothful wrathful
bitter acrimonious
animate sentient
insensate insentient
nonliving inanimate
non-living inanimate
alive animated
spirited enlivened
lively full_of_life
vital full_of_life
revived reanimated
anon. anonymous
unidentified nameless
unknown nameless
unnamed nameless
binominal binomial
postmortal postmortem
prior anterior
prevenient anticipatory
pre-existent preexistent
preexisting preexistent
pre-existing preexistent
consequent attendant
accompanying attendant
concomitant attendant
incidental attendant
ensuant attendant
resultant attendant
sequent attendant
ulterior later
posterior later
subaquatic semiaquatic
subaquatic subaqueous
submerged subaqueous
submersed subaqueous
underwater subaqueous
semiaquatic amphibiotic
above-named above-mentioned
prefatorial introductory
prefatory introductory
preparative preparatory
propaedeutic preparatory
old previous
consecutive back-to-back
undermentioned following
next following
unexampled new
antenatal prenatal
antepartum prenatal
postpartum postnatal
a.m. ante_meridiem
p.m. post_meridiem
hind back
hinder back
appetising appetizing
savory mouth-watering
savoury mouth-watering
unappetising unappetizing
standoffish offish
right proper
wrong improper
cod collect
collectable collectible
payable collectible
overdue delinquent
apt apposite
pertinent apposite
out_of_place inapposite
amphiprostyle amphiprostylar
amphistylar amphiprostylar
porticoed amphiprostylar
pseudoprostyle prostyle
pseudoperipteral peristylar
columnar columniform
columnlike columniform
uncolumned noncolumned
arboreous arboreal
tree-living arboreal
sandy arenaceous
sandlike arenaceous
clayey argillaceous
weaponed equipped
militarised militarized
defenceless defenseless
armoured armored
armour-clad armor-clad
armor-plated armor-clad
armour-plated armor-clad
steel-plated armor-clad
lightly_armoured lightly_armored
mailed mail-clad
unarmoured unarmored
barbellate barbed
briary barbed
briery barbed
bristled barbed
bristly barbed
burred barbed
burry barbed
prickly barbed
setose barbed
setaceous barbed
spiny barbed
thorny barbed
taloned clawed
spineless thornless
armoured armored
scaley scaly
scaled scaly
unarmoured unarmored
cunning crafty
dodgy crafty
foxy crafty
guileful crafty
knavish crafty
slick crafty
sly crafty
tricksy crafty
tricky crafty
wily crafty
precious cute
scheming designing
facile eloquent
fluent eloquent
silver eloquent
silver-tongued eloquent
smooth-spoken eloquent
unarticulate inarticulate
voiceless aphonic
mute dumb
silent dumb
tongue-tied incoherent
tongueless mute
unspoken mute
wordless mute
dumb speechless
walk-on nonspeaking
articulate articulated
disgraced discredited
dishonored discredited
shamed discredited
humiliated embarrassed
mortified embarrassed
hangdog guilty
shamefaced guilty
shamed guilty
sheepish shamefaced
barefaced audacious
bodacious audacious
bald-faced audacious
brassy audacious
brazen audacious
brazen-faced audacious
insolent audacious
unblushing shameless
unembarrassed unabashed
self-asserting assertive
self-assertive assertive
forceful emphatic
self-effacing reticent
retiring reticent
associatory associative
committed attached
betrothed bespoken
uncommitted unattached
unpledged unengaged
unpromised unengaged
pasted glued
loose unaffixed
stalkless sessile
stalked pedunculate
unattached free-swimming
separate freestanding
bondable bindable
on_one's_guard on_guard
upon_one's_guard on_guard
on_your_guard on_guard
absorbed captive
engrossed captive
enwrapped captive
intent captive
wrapped captive
heedful advertent
absentminded absent
abstracted absent
scatty absent
distrait distracted
moony dreamy
woolgathering dreamy
oscitant drowsy
yawning drowsy
oblivious forgetful
captivating bewitching
enchanting bewitching
enthralling bewitching
entrancing bewitching
fascinating bewitching
magnetic charismatic
cute cunning
piquant engaging
taking fetching
winning fetching
showy glossy
mesmeric hypnotic
mesmerizing hypnotic
spellbinding hypnotic
plain homely
unpresentable unprepossessing
catchy attention-getting
due ascribable
imputable ascribable
referable ascribable
unascribable unattributable
prenominal attributive
enceinte big
expectant big
gravid big
great big
large big
heavy big
with_child big
hearable audible
unhearable inaudible
voiceless breathed
unsounded silent
ultrasonic supersonic
transonic sonic
hopeful bright
promising bright
rosy fortunate
unfortunate inauspicious
favorable golden
favourable golden
lucky golden
prosperous golden
inauspicious ill
ominous ill
authorised authorized
commissioned accredited
licensed accredited
licenced accredited
sanctioned approved
canonised canonized
glorified canonized
sceptered empowered
sceptred empowered
unauthorised unauthorized
unlicensed unaccredited
unlicenced unaccredited
homoecious autoecious
autogenic autogenous
self-produced self-generated
heterogeneous heterogenous
self-loading autoloading
semiautomatic autoloading
machine-controlled automated
machine-driven automated
self-activating self-acting
self-moving self-acting
self-regulating self-acting
non-automatic hand-operated
getable gettable
obtainable gettable
procurable gettable
for_sale purchasable
unobtainable inaccessible
unprocurable inaccessible
untouchable inaccessible
up astir
sleepless insomniac
watchful insomniac
wide-awake unsleeping
wakeful waking
hibernating dormant
torpid dormant
drowsing drowsy
dozy drowsy
sound_asleep fast_asleep
sleepy-eyed sleepy
sleepyheaded sleepy
slumbery slumberous
slumbrous slumberous
somnolent slumberous
hemostatic styptic
cognizant aware
cognisant aware
alive alert
awake alert
incognizant unaware
unmindful oblivious
dismaying appalling
frightful atrocious
horrifying atrocious
horrible atrocious
ugly atrocious
dire awful
direful awful
dread awful
dreaded awful
dreadful awful
fearful awful
fearsome awful
frightening awful
horrendous awful
horrific awful
terrible awful
forbidding baleful
menacing baleful
minacious baleful
minatory baleful
ominous baleful
sinister baleful
threatening baleful
hair-raising bloodcurdling
nightmarish bloodcurdling
scarey chilling
scary chilling
shivery chilling
shuddery chilling
creepy-crawly creepy
redoubtable formidable
unnerving formidable
grim ghastly
grisly ghastly
gruesome ghastly
macabre ghastly
sick ghastly
terrifying terrific
soothing assuasive
consolatory comforting
consoling comforting
worrisome unreassuring
hindermost backmost
hindmost backmost
rearmost backmost
rearward rear
advanced advance
in_advance advance
frontmost foremost
head-on frontal
directional directing
directive directing
guiding directing
hardback hardbacked
hardbound hardbacked
hardcover hardbacked
razor-backed razorback
sweptback backswept
retroflex cacuminal
reversed converse
transposed converse
reverse inverse
reverse rearward
self-referent reflexive
retrograde retral
retroflexed retroflex
reversive returning
gardant guardant
full-face guardant
headlong headfirst
blate bashful
cheeky brash
nervy brash
self-assertive bumptious
impertinent fresh
impudent fresh
overbold fresh
smart fresh
saucy fresh
sassy fresh
wise fresh
assuming assumptive
presumptuous assumptive
barrelled barreled
unbarrelled unbarreled
duck-billed duckbill
short-billed short-beaked
bedded stratified
foliated foliate
foliaceous foliate
laminal laminar
superimposed layered
ferny ferned
ferny fernlike
sedgelike rushlike
bald-headed bald
bald-pated bald
smooth-faced beardless
haired hairy
hirsute hairy
hoary canescent
coarse-furred coarse-haired
comose comate
comal comate
curly-coated curly-haired
dark-coated dark-haired
pubescent downy
puberulent downy
sericeous downy
furry furred
fuzzy fuzzed
glossy-coated glossy-haired
glossy-furred glossy-haired
woolly lanate
pilose pilous
pilary pilous
tomentous tomentose
velvety-haired velvety-furred
wiry-coated wire-haired
woolly wooly
wooly-haired wooly
woolly-haired wooly
awny awned
supporting load-bearing
bonnie bonny
comely bonny
fair bonny
sightly bonny
good-looking fine-looking
better-looking fine-looking
handsome fine-looking
well-favored fine-looking
well-favoured fine-looking
resplendent glorious
splendid glorious
splendiferous glorious
monstrous grotesque
repulsive hideous
ill-favoured ill-favored
unpicturesque unlovely
great_bellied big-bellied
flat-bellied bellyless
belt-like beltlike
beltless unbelted
baneful baleful
malevolent malefic
malign malefic
evil malefic
spiteful despiteful
vindictive despiteful
catty bitchy
cattish bitchy
venomous poisonous
vicious poisonous
benignant benign
prizewinning champion
top-quality high-grade
top-grade high-grade
foremost first
world-class first
Sunday-go-to-meeting go-to-meeting
optimal optimum
unexceeded unexcelled
unsurpassed unexcelled
last-place last
lowest last
pessimum pessimal
healthier fitter
worsened worse
ameliorative ameliorating
amelioratory ameliorating
meliorative ameliorating
bifacial biface
two-faced janus-faced
round-faced moon-faced
one-sided unilateral
many-sided multilateral
two-sided bilateral
two-part bipartite
two-way bipartite
four-sided quadrilateral
four-party quadripartite
triangular trilateral
three-sided trilateral
three-party tripartite
three-way tripartite
biaural binaural
stereo stereophonic
two-channel stereophonic
monophonic mono
single-channel mono
binuclear binucleate
binucleated binucleate
mononucleate mononuclear
trinuclear trinucleate
trinucleated trinucleate
biped bipedal
two-footed bipedal
quadruped quadrupedal
four-footed quadrupedal
Afro-American african-american
coloured colored
dark colored
dark-skinned colored
non-white colored
Caucasoid caucasian
blonde blond
light-haired blond
platinum-blonde ash-blonde
towheaded ash-blonde
fairish fair
sandy flaxen
brunette brunet
suntanned bronzed
tanned bronzed
browned brown
black-haired dark-haired
brown-haired dark-haired
dusky dark-skinned
swart dark-skinned
swarthy dark-skinned
pimpled acned
pimply acned
pustulate acned
blebby blebbed
scarred marred
pockmarked pocked
unmarred unblemished
unmutilated unblemished
unstained stainless
unsullied stainless
untainted stainless
untarnished stainless
gory bloodstained
bloody-minded bloodthirsty
sanguinary bloodthirsty
red crimson
violent crimson
murderous homicidal
sanguinary gory
sanguineous gory
slaughterous gory
butcherly gory
unbloody nonviolent
brave audacious
dauntless audacious
fearless audacious
hardy audacious
intrepid audacious
unfearing audacious
temerarious daredevil
heady foolhardy
rash foolhardy
reckless foolhardy
heroical heroic
vaulting overreaching
timorous fearful
trepid fearful
mousey mousy
enchained chained
shackled fettered
rolled furled
tied trussed
unfettered unchained
unshackled unchained
untied unchained
tied laced
untied unlaced
fastened tied
unfastened untied
foul afoul
fouled afoul
intermeshed enmeshed
snarled knotty
snarly knotty
thrown_and_twisted thrown
loosened disentangled
unsnarled disentangled
paperbacked paperback
deckle-edged deckled
featheredged deckled
low-class lower-class
wage-earning propertyless
working-class propertyless
blue-collar propertyless
conservative bourgeois
materialistic bourgeois
property-owning propertied
brachycranial brachycephalic
brachycranic brachycephalic
roundheaded broad-headed
short-headed broad-headed
dolichocranial dolichocephalic
dolichocranic dolichocephalic
courageous brave
heroic desperate
gamy game
gamey game
gritty game
mettlesome game
spirited game
spunky game
stouthearted stalwart
valorous valiant
fearful cowardly
chickenhearted chicken
lily-livered chicken
white-livered chicken
yellow chicken
yellow-bellied chicken
recreant craven
dastardly dastard
fainthearted faint
timid faint
faint-hearted faint
poor-spirited pusillanimous
unmanly pusillanimous
plucky gutsy
suckled nursed
eupneic breathing
eupnoeic breathing
dyspneic breathless
dyspnoeic breathless
dyspneal breathless
dyspnoeal breathless
suffocating smothering
suffocative smothering
pursy blown
short-winded blown
winded blown
crystalised crystallized
uncrystallized amorphous
uncrystallised amorphous
inflamed ablaze
reddened ablaze
floodlighted floodlit
lighted illuminated
lit illuminated
well-lighted illuminated
candent incandescent
sunstruck sunlit
Acherontic acheronian
Stygian acheronian
pitch-black black
pitch-dark black
subdued dim
twilight dusky
twilit dusky
gloomy glooming
gloomful glooming
sulky glooming
unilluminated lightless
unlighted lightless
unlit lightless
tenebrific tenebrous
tenebrious tenebrous
mirky murky
shadowed shady
shadowy shady
umbrageous shady
crosshatched hatched
moony moonlit
gleaming agleam
nitid agleam
lambent aglow
lucent aglow
luminous aglow
coruscant aglitter
fulgid aglitter
glinting aglitter
glistering aglitter
glittering aglitter
glittery aglitter
scintillant aglitter
scintillating aglitter
sparkly aglitter
beadlike beady
buttony beady
buttonlike beady
beamy beaming
effulgent beaming
radiant beaming
refulgent beaming
blinding blazing
dazzling blazing
fulgent blazing
glaring blazing
glary blazing
glossy glistening
lustrous glistening
sheeny glistening
shiny glistening
shining glistening
nacreous iridescent
opalescent iridescent
opaline iridescent
pearlescent iridescent
sleek satiny
silken satiny
silky satiny
silklike satiny
slick satiny
silvern silver
silvery silver
mat flat
matt flat
matte flat
matted flat
lacklustre lackluster
lusterless lackluster
lustreless lackluster
subdued soft
dim dimmed
bright undimmed
discriminatory prejudiced
antiblack racist
anti-Semite racist
impartial unprejudiced
colour-blind color-blind
nonracist color-blind
large-minded broad
liberal broad
tolerant broad
latitudinarian free-thinking
undogmatic free-thinking
undogmatical free-thinking
narrow narrow-minded
closed-minded close-minded
dogmatical dogmatic
intolerant illiberal
opinionative opinionated
self-opinionated opinionated
small-minded petty
unkept broken
kept unbroken
dotted dashed
interrupted fitful
off-and-on fitful
brotherlike brotherly
fraternal brotherly
sisterlike sisterly
sororal sisterly
biovular fraternal
monovular identical
inhumed buried
interred buried
laboring drudging
labouring drudging
toiling drudging
occupied engaged
bone-lazy bone-idle
indolent faineant
lazy faineant
otiose faineant
slothful faineant
work-shy faineant
boney bony
deboned boned
fastened buttoned
botonnee botonee
unfastened unbuttoned
capitalist capitalistic
free-enterprise competitive
private-enterprise competitive
laissez-faire individualistic
socialist socialistic
collectivistic collectivist
collectivized collectivist
collectivised collectivist
state-controlled collectivist
cacophonic cacophonous
squawky cackly
guttural croaky
gravelly grating
rasping grating
raspy grating
rough grating
scratchy grating
hoarse gruff
husky gruff
jangly jangling
strident raucous
ripping rending
splitting rending
euphonous euphonious
silvery silvern
estimable computable
denumerable countable
enumerable countable
numerable countable
infinite countless
innumerable countless
innumerous countless
multitudinous countless
myriad countless
numberless countless
uncounted countless
unnumberable countless
unnumbered countless
unnumerable countless
inestimable incomputable
immeasurable incomputable
quiet placid
still placid
tranquil placid
smooth placid
unruffled placid
furious angry
raging angry
tempestuous angry
wild angry
billowing billowy
surging billowy
blusterous blustering
blustery blustering
fierce boisterous
rough boisterous
breezy blowy
windy blowy
puffy gusty
surefooted confident
sure-footed confident
tended_to attended
unattended neglected
sure certain
painstaking conscientious
scrupulous conscientious
elaborate detailed
elaborated detailed
narrow minute
too-careful overcareful
cursory casual
passing casual
perfunctory casual
slapdash haphazard
slipshod haphazard
sloppy haphazard
reckless heedless
offhanded offhand
meat-eating flesh-eating
zoophagous flesh-eating
predaceous predacious
anthophilous anthophagous
fruit-eating carpophagous
phytophagic plant-eating
phytophagous plant-eating
phytophilous plant-eating
saprozoic saprophagous
pistillate carpellate
acarpellous acarpelous
clincher-built clinker-built
lap-strake clinker-built
lap-straked clinker-built
lap-streak clinker-built
lap-streaked clinker-built
carven carved
etched engraved
graven engraved
incised engraved
inscribed engraved
sculpted graven
sculptured graven
basal radical
caudated caudate
bobtailed bobtail
taillike caudal
acaudal acaudate
tailless anurous
cauline caulescent
stemmed caulescent
stemless acaulescent
actuating activating
anorexigenic anorectic
contributing conducive
contributive conducive
contributory conducive
tributary conducive
inducive inductive
motive motivative
motivating motivative
motor motive
responsible_for responsible
sternutative sternutatory
noncausal noncausative
cagy cagey
chary cagey
restrained guarded
impulsive hotheaded
impetuous hotheaded
madcap hotheaded
tearaway hotheaded
brainish hotheaded
cancellated cancellate
cancellous cancellate
faveolate alveolate
cavitied alveolate
honeycombed alveolate
pitted alveolate
acellular noncellular
one-celled single-celled
compartmentalized compartmental
compartmentalised compartmental
poriferous porous
halfway center
middle center
midway center
centrical centric
medial median
midmost middlemost
marginal fringy
skirting encircling
receptive centripetal
sensory centripetal
corticipetal corticoafferent
motorial efferent
motor centrifugal
corticofugal corticoefferent
corticifugal corticoefferent
centralising centralizing
unifying centripetal
integrative consolidative
decentralising decentralizing
sure indisputable
sure certain
positive convinced
confident convinced
unsure uncertain
incertain uncertain
dubious doubtful
overconfident cocksure
positive cocksure
self-confident self-assured
shy diffident
timid diffident
unsure diffident
sure certain
destined bound
fated doomed
predestinate foreordained
predestined foreordained
fluky chancy
flukey chancy
iffy chancy
fateful fatal
inescapable ineluctable
unavoidable ineluctable
avoidable evitable
avertible evitable
avertable evitable
changeful changeable
fickle erratic
mercurial erratic
quicksilver erratic
unstable fluid
mobile fluid
kaleidoscopical kaleidoscopic
unalterable changeless
frozen fixed
carved_in_stone set_in_stone
stable static
unchanging static
transformable convertible
translatable convertible
transmutable convertible
untransmutable inconvertible
inalterable unalterable
last final
well-balanced well-adjusted
unadjusted unadapted
edited emended
unchanged unaltered
timeless dateless
unmoved in-situ
denaturized denatured
denaturised denatured
ionised ionized
nonionised nonionized
unionized nonionized
unionised nonionized
nonionic nonionized
changeable mutable
changeless immutable
symptomatic diagnostic
typical distinctive
live hot
electronegative negative
negatively_charged negative
electropositive positive
positively_charged positive
electroneutral neutral
drained dead
benevolent beneficent
eleemosynary beneficent
philanthropic beneficent
hired chartered
leased chartered
ownerless unowned
continent celibate
vestal pure
virgin pure
virginal pure
virtuous pure
light easy
loose easy
promiscuous easy
sluttish easy
wanton easy
glad beaming
smiling beamish
twinkly beamish
blithesome blithe
lighthearted blithe
lightsome blithe
light-hearted blithe
chirpy buoyant
perky buoyant
gay cheery
sunny cheery
debonair chipper
debonaire chipper
jaunty chipper
cheerless depressing
uncheerful depressing
dark blue
dingy blue
disconsolate blue
dismal blue
gloomy blue
grim blue
sorry blue
drab blue
drear blue
dreary blue
sombre somber
melancholy somber
granular chondritic
anorthic triclinic
homochromatic monochromatic
brownish-yellow amber
yellow-brown amber
gilded aureate
gilt aureate
gold aureate
golden aureate
cerulean azure
sky-blue azure
bright_blue azure
bluish blue
blueish blue
blue-green bluish_green
cyan bluish_green
teal bluish_green
bluish-lilac blue-lilac
bluish-purple blue-purple
bluish-violet blue-violet
rosy blushful
raspberry-red bright-red
bronzy bronze
brownish brown
chocolate-brown brown
dark-brown brown
brownish-green brown-green
brownish-purple brown-purple
canary-yellow canary
caramel_brown caramel
copper_colored coppery
cresson cress_green
watercress cress_green
taupe fuscous
gray-blue grey-blue
greyish-blue grey-blue
grayish-blue grey-blue
gray-brown grey-brown
greyish-brown grey-brown
grayish-brown grey-brown
gray-green grey-green
greyish-green grey-green
grayish-green grey-green
gray-pink grey-pink
greyish-pink grey-pink
grayish-pink grey-pink
greenish green
light-green green
dark-green green
jade-green jade
lilac lavender
lilac-colored lavender
pale_blue light-blue
violet-blue lilac-blue
lavender-pink lilac-pink
violet-pink lilac-pink
brownish-red maroon
mosstone moss_green
mousey mousy
mouse-colored mousy
mouselike mousy
ochre ocher
drab olive-drab
orangish orange
orangish-red orange-red
peachy-colored peachy
peachy-coloured peachy
pinkish pink
pinkish-lavender pink-lavender
pinkish-orange pink-orange
salmon pink-orange
pinkish-purple pink-purple
powdery-blue powder_blue
violet purple
purplish purple
purplish-blue purple-blue
purplish-brown purple-brown
purplish-green purple-green
purplish-lilac purple-lilac
purplish-red purple-red
purple-tinted purple-tinged
reddish red
ruddy red
blood-red red
carmine red
cerise red
cherry red
cherry-red red
crimson red
ruby red
ruby-red red
scarlet red
reddish-brown red-brown
mahogany-red red-brown
reddish-lavender red-lavender
reddish-orange red-orange
flame-orange red-orange
reddisn-purple red-purple
reddish-violet red-violet
roseate rose
rosaceous rose
rose-lavender rose-lilac
rosy-purple rose-purple
rose-tinged rose-tinted
rusty rust
rust-brown rust
rusty-red rust-red
sage-green sage
silvery-blue silver-blue
silvery-green silver-green
snuff-brown snuff
mummy-brown snuff
chukker-brown snuff
brownish-orange sorrel
sulphur-yellow sulfur-yellow
tawny-brown tawny
vermillion vermilion
cinnabar vermilion
Chinese-red vermilion
violet-tinted violet-tinged
yellowish yellow
xanthous yellow
yellowish-beige yellow-beige
yellowish-orange yellow-orange
neutral achromatic
silver argent
silvery argent
silverish argent
ash-gray ash-grey
ashy ash-grey
black-gray black-grey
blackish-grey black-grey
blackish-gray black-grey
bluish-white blue-white
cool-white blue-white
blue-gray blue-grey
bluish-grey blue-grey
bluish-gray blue-grey
bluish_black blue-black
brownish-black brown-black
brown-gray brown-grey
brownish-grey brown-grey
brownish-gray brown-grey
charcoal-grey charcoal
charcoal-gray charcoal
jet coal-black
jet-black coal-black
pitchy coal-black
sooty coal-black
ebony ebon
gray grey
greyish grey
grayish grey
gray-black grey-black
greyish-black grey-black
grayish-black grey-black
gray-white grey-white
greyish-white grey-white
grayish-white grey-white
greenish-gray greenish-grey
greenish-white green-white
inky ink-black
inky-black ink-black
iron-gray iron-grey
olive-gray olive-grey
oxford-gray oxford-grey
dark-grey oxford-grey
dark-gray oxford-grey
pearl_gray pearl_grey
pearly-white pearly
purplish-black purple-black
purplish-white purple-white
red-gray red-grey
reddish-grey red-grey
reddish-gray red-grey
silver-gray silver-grey
silvery-grey silver-grey
silvery-gray silver-grey
silvery-white silver-white
slate-gray slate-grey
slaty-grey slate-grey
slaty-gray slate-grey
slaty slate-grey
slatey slate-grey
stone-grey slate-grey
stone-gray slate-grey
snowy snow-white
sooty-black soot-black
off-white whitish
yellow-gray yellow-grey
yellowish-grey yellow-grey
yellowish-gray yellow-grey
yellowish-white yellow-white
pure saturated
vivid intense
colour color
black_and_white black-and-white
coloured colored
colorful colored
red crimson
reddened crimson
red-faced crimson
flushed crimson
bicolour bicolor
bicolored bicolor
bicoloured bicolor
bichrome bicolor
dichromatic bicolor
blackened black
brightly-coloured brightly-colored
buff-coloured buff-colored
chestnut-coloured chestnut-colored
chocolate-coloured chocolate-colored
cinnamon_coloured cinnamon_colored
cinnamon-colored cinnamon_colored
cinnamon-coloured cinnamon_colored
creamy-colored cream-colored
creamy-white cream-colored
dark-coloured dark-colored
dusky-colored dark-colored
dusky-coloured dark-colored
dun-coloured dun-colored
fawn-coloured fawn-colored
flame-coloured flame-colored
flesh-coloured flesh-colored
garnet-coloured garnet-colored
gingery ginger
gold-coloured gold-colored
honey-coloured honey-colored
lead-coloured lead-colored
liver liver-colored
metal-coloured metal-colored
metallic-colored metal-colored
metallic-coloured metal-colored
monochrome monochromatic
monochromic monochromatic
monochromous monochromatic
calico motley
multicolor motley
multi-color motley
multicolour motley
multi-colour motley
multicolored motley
multi-colored motley
multicoloured motley
multi-coloured motley
painted motley
particolored motley
particoloured motley
piebald motley
pied motley
varicolored motley
varicoloured motley
neutral-coloured neutral-colored
olive-coloured olive-colored
orange-coloured orange-colored
orange-hued orange-colored
pale-hued pale-colored
polychrome polychromatic
polychromic polychromatic
rosy-colored rose-colored
straw-coloured straw-colored
tawny-coloured tawny-colored
trichrome trichromatic
tricolor trichromatic
violet-coloured violet-colored
violet-flowered violet-colored
uncoloured uncolored
achromous achromic
colourful colorful
brilliant bright
vivid bright
chatoyant changeable
iridescent changeable
shot changeable
rich deep
colourless colorless
blanched ashen
bloodless ashen
livid ashen
white ashen
faded bleached
washed-out bleached
washy bleached
sober drab
somber drab
sombre drab
greyed dulled
etiolated etiolate
blanched etiolate
pallid pale
wan pale
pastelike pasty
waxlike waxen
waxy waxen
whitened white
colourful colorful
braw brave
gay brave
gaudy flashy
jazzy flashy
showy flashy
sporty flashy
colourless colorless
pallid pale
light-colored light
ultramontane cisalpine
transmontane tramontane
ultramontane transalpine
christly christlike
nonchristian christless
unchristlike unchristianly
civilised civilized
noncivilised noncivilized
barbaric barbarian
savage barbarian
uncivilized barbarian
uncivilised barbarian
wild barbarian
nonliterate preliterate
classic classical
classic classical
Greco-Roman classical
Graeco-Roman classical
Hellenic classical
neoclassical neoclassic
pop popular
categorised categorized
sorted grouped
uncategorised uncategorized
unsorted uncategorized
unrestricted nonsensitive
raw crude
unused fresh
speckless immaculate
spick-and-span immaculate
spic-and-span immaculate
spic immaculate
spick immaculate
spotless immaculate
unspotted unsoiled
unstained unsoiled
water-washed washed
soiled dirty
unclean dirty
draggled bedraggled
fouled befouled
dingy begrimed
grimy begrimed
grubby begrimed
grungy begrimed
raunchy begrimed
smutty black
foul filthy
nasty filthy
squalid flyblown
sordid flyblown
oily greasy
muddy mucky
snot-nosed snotty
travel-stained travel-soiled
unobjectionable clean
off-color bawdy
ribald bawdy
blue blasphemous
profane blasphemous
filthy cruddy
foul cruddy
nasty cruddy
smutty cruddy
foul-spoken foul-mouthed
obscene lewd
raunchy lewd
salacious lewd
uncontaminating clean
contaminating dirty
cosher kosher
impure unclean
tref nonkosher
terefah nonkosher
unsubtle broad
distinct clear-cut
trenchant clear-cut
lucid limpid
luculent limpid
pellucid limpid
crystal_clear limpid
perspicuous limpid
clouded blurred
perplexing confusing
puzzling confusing
vague obscure
crystal_clear crystalline
limpid crystalline
lucid crystalline
pellucid crystalline
transparent crystalline
hyaloid hyaline
limpid liquid
semitransparent translucent
muddy cloudy
mirky cloudy
murky cloudy
turbid cloudy
foggy fogged
light-tight lightproof
milklike milky
whitish milky
radio-opaque radiopaque
clear-thinking clearheaded
addlepated addlebrained
puddingheaded addlebrained
muddleheaded addlebrained
befuddled addled
muddled addled
muzzy addled
woolly addled
wooly addled
woolly-headed addled
wooly-minded addled
befuddled befogged
stunned dazed
stupefied dazed
stupid dazed
silly punch-drunk
slaphappy punch-drunk
mild balmy
soft balmy
sharp astute
shrewd astute
cagy cagey
canny cagey
clever cagey
street_smart streetwise
with-it streetwise
dopy anserine
dopey anserine
foolish anserine
goosey anserine
goosy anserine
gooselike anserine
jerky anserine
boneheaded blockheaded
duncical blockheaded
duncish blockheaded
fatheaded blockheaded
loggerheaded blockheaded
thick blockheaded
thickheaded blockheaded
thick-skulled blockheaded
wooden-headed blockheaded
doltish cloddish
dim dense
dull dense
dumb dense
obtuse dense
slow dense
gormless gaumless
lumpen lumpish
unthinking lumpish
senseless nitwitted
soft-witted nitwitted
witless nitwitted
dextrorotatory dextrorotary
right-handed dextrorotary
anticlockwise counterclockwise
contraclockwise counterclockwise
levorotatory levorotary
left-handed levorotary
remote distant
remote distant
removed distant
far-off faraway
farthest farthermost
furthermost farthermost
furthest farthermost
utmost farthermost
uttermost farthermost
farther further
out-of-the-way off_the_beaten_track
close near
nigh near
yon yonder
next adjacent
side_by_side adjacent
adpressed appressed
close_together approximate
close_at_hand at_hand
imminent at_hand
impendent at_hand
impending at_hand
close_at_hand at_hand
close_set close-set
immediate contiguous
surrounding encompassing
circumferent encompassing
snuggled nestled
walking walk-to
remote distant
near approximate
buddy-buddy chummy
thick chummy
closely_knit close-knit
good dear
near dear
intimate familiar
clad clothed
attired appareled
dressed appareled
garbed appareled
garmented appareled
habilimented appareled
robed appareled
panoplied arrayed
pantalooned breeched
trousered breeched
dressed-up dressed
dressed_to_the_nines dressed
dressed_to_kill dressed
dolled_up dressed
spruced_up dressed
spiffed_up dressed
togged_up dressed
lobster-backed red-coated
au_naturel bare
naked bare
nude bare
bare-ass bare-assed
in_the_altogether bare-assed
in_the_buff bare-assed
in_the_raw bare-assed
raw bare-assed
peeled bare-assed
naked_as_a_jaybird bare-assed
stark_naked bare-assed
braless bare-breasted
topless bare-breasted
bared bareheaded
garmentless clothesless
raimentless clothesless
in_dishabille en_deshabille
uncovered exposed
scantily_clad half-clothed
underclothed half-clothed
naked_as_the_day_one_was_born mother-naked
naked_as_the_day_you_were_born mother-naked
in_one's_birthday_suit mother-naked
in_your_birthday_suit mother-naked
unattired unappareled
unclad unappareled
undressed unappareled
ungarbed unappareled
ungarmented unappareled
barebacked bareback
unclouded cloudless
foggy brumous
hazy brumous
misty brumous
clouded cloud-covered
overcast cloud-covered
sunless cloud-covered
nebular cloudlike
leaden dull
lowering heavy
sullen heavy
threatening heavy
miasmic miasmal
vaporous miasmal
vapourous miasmal
midland interior
upcountry interior
onshore inshore
seaward inshore
shoreward inshore
seaward offshore
consistent coherent
logical coherent
ordered coherent
disconnected confused
disjointed confused
disordered confused
garbled confused
illogical confused
scattered confused
unconnected confused
collapsable collapsible
foldaway foldable
folding foldable
noncollapsable noncollapsible
nontelescoping nontelescopic
agglomerated agglomerate
agglomerative agglomerate
clustered agglomerate
aggregated aggregate
aggregative aggregate
mass aggregate
collectivised collectivized
allocatable allocable
apportionable allocable
diffusive diffusing
dispersive diffusing
disseminative diffusing
permeating permeant
permeative permeant
pervasive permeant
publicised publicized
published promulgated
quenched quelled
squelched quelled
combinatory combinative
combinational combinable
combinatory combinable
ignitable burnable
ignitible burnable
comburant comburent
combustive comburent
inflammable flammable
incombustible noncombustible
fire-resistant fire-retardant
fire-resisting fire-retardant
fire-resistive fire-retardant
flame-retardant flameproof
lit lighted
afire ablaze
aflame ablaze
aflare ablaze
alight ablaze
on_fire ablaze
enkindled ignited
kindled ignited
unlit unlighted
convenient commodious
spacious roomy
comfy comfortable
cosy cozy
snug cozy
homely homelike
homey homelike
homy homelike
tough bad
painful irritating
wretched miserable
ill_at_ease awkward
uneasy awkward
coterminous coextensive
conterminous coextensive
relative proportional
disproportional disproportionate
commercialised commercialized
mercenary mercantile
moneymaking mercantile
non-profit-making nonprofit
uncommercialised uncommercialized
ordinary average
popular democratic
exceptional especial
particular especial
special especial
red-carpet red_carpet
customary accustomed
habitual accustomed
wonted accustomed
inveterate chronic
lipotropic lipophilic
single individual
individualistic individualist
man-to-man one-on-one
several respective
various respective
communicatory communicative
anecdotal anecdotic
anecdotical anecdotic
leaky blabbermouthed
talebearing blabbermouthed
tattling blabbermouthed
gossipy chatty
newsy chatty
talkative expansive
nonverbal gestural
sign gestural
signed gestural
sign-language gestural
vocal outspoken
incommunicative uncommunicative
vacuous blank
closelipped close
closemouthed close
secretive close
tightlipped close
expressionless deadpan
impassive deadpan
poker-faced deadpan
unexpressive deadpan
silent mum
unutterable unpronounceable
cloggy clayey
heavy clayey
wedged impacted
unfirm shifting
uncomparable incomparable
nonpareil matchless
one matchless
one_and_only matchless
peerless matchless
unmatched matchless
unmatchable matchless
unrivaled matchless
unrivalled matchless
unique alone
unequaled alone
unequalled alone
unparalleled alone
stonyhearted hardhearted
unfeeling hardhearted
mutually_exclusive contradictory
mixable miscible
non-miscible immiscible
unmixable immiscible
capable able
efficient effective
inept feckless
inefficient ineffective
unqualified incompetent
competitory competitive
agonistical agonistic
combative agonistic
rivalrous emulous
cooperative accommodative
complaintive complaining
querulous fretful
whiney fretful
whiny fretful
full entire
total entire
entire integral
intact integral
fragmentary fragmental
wrapped_up bound_up
sworn pledged
downright absolute
out-and-out absolute
rank absolute
right-down absolute
sheer absolute
completed accomplished
realized accomplished
realised accomplished
all-or-nothing all-or-none
full-scale all-out
utter dead
thorough exhaustive
thoroughgoing exhaustive
full-clad fleshed_out
total full
uncomplete incomplete
unelaborated sketchy
all-embracing across-the-board
all-encompassing across-the-board
all-inclusive across-the-board
blanket across-the-board
broad across-the-board
encompassing across-the-board
extensive across-the-board
panoptic across-the-board
wide across-the-board
all-round all-around
well-rounded all-around
nationwide countrywide
ecumenical cosmopolitan
oecumenical cosmopolitan
general cosmopolitan
universal cosmopolitan
worldwide cosmopolitan
world-wide cosmopolitan
house-to-house door-to-door
encyclopaedic encyclopedic
spaciotemporal spatiotemporal
incomprehensive noncomprehensive
unagitated calm
serene calm
tranquil calm
unflappable imperturbable
equanimous collected
poised collected
self-collected collected
self-contained collected
self-possessed collected
coolheaded cool
nerveless cool
unflustered unflurried
unperturbed unflurried
unruffled unflurried
chagrined abashed
embarrassed abashed
blushing blushful
red-faced blushful
daunted bothered
fazed bothered
disconcerted discombobulated
hot_and_bothered flustered
perturbed flustered
rattled flustered
comprehendible comprehensible
approachable accessible
intelligible apprehensible
graspable apprehensible
perceivable apprehensible
understandable apprehensible
uncomprehensible incomprehensible
obscure dark
enigmatical enigmatic
puzzling enigmatic
missed lost
unintelligible opaque
cotyloid acetabular
cotyloidal acetabular
concavo-concave biconcave
pouch-shaped bursiform
pouchlike bursiform
saclike bursiform
cupulate cupular
dish-shaped dished
patelliform dished
bulging convex
convexo-convex biconvex
lenticular biconvex
lentiform biconvex
hogged broken-backed
gibbose gibbous
umbel-like umbellate
undivided single
exclusive single
dealt_out apportioned
doled_out apportioned
meted_out apportioned
parceled_out apportioned
spread dispersed
divided_up divided
shared divided
shared_out divided
spread-out fanned
widespread far-flung
spaced separated
thin sparse
unfocussed unfocused
concentrical concentric
homocentric concentric
coaxal coaxial
nonconcentric eccentric
off-centered off-center
obsessed haunted
preoccupied haunted
taken_up haunted
insouciant casual
nonchalant casual
detached degage
uninvolved degage
apothegmatic aphoristic
epigrammatic aphoristic
compact compendious
succinct compendious
summary compendious
curt crisp
laconic crisp
terse crisp
elliptical elliptic
sententious pithy
tedious long-winded
verbose long-winded
windy long-winded
wordy long-winded
redundant pleonastic
tautologic pleonastic
tautological pleonastic
determinate definitive
head-to-head neck_and_neck
nip_and_tuck neck_and_neck
coordinative coordinating
subordinative subordinating
concurring concordant
consentient consentaneous
unanimous consentaneous
discrepant at_variance
dissonant at_variance
divisive dissentious
factious dissentious
wasted atrophied
diminished atrophied
enlarged hypertrophied
contrary_to_fact counterfactual
contingent_on contingent
contingent_upon contingent
dependent_on contingent
dependant_on contingent
dependent_upon contingent
dependant_upon contingent
depending_on contingent
dependant dependent
qualified dependent
provisional probationary
provisionary probationary
tentative probationary
unconditioned unconditional
crude blunt
stark blunt
implemented enforced
semiconductive semiconducting
nonconducting nonconductive
non-conducting nonconductive
confining close
housebound homebound
shut-in homebound
shut_up pent
jam-packed jammed
packed jammed
incompatible uncongenial
unsympathetic disagreeable
superposable identical
congruent congruous
inconsistent discrepant
incompatible inappropriate
out_or_keeping inappropriate
unfitting inappropriate
ironical ironic
oppositive adversative
separative partitive
conterminous adjacent
contiguous adjacent
neighboring adjacent
contiguous conterminous
joined coupled
linked coupled
isolated apart
obscure apart
separated detached
separate disjoined
vanquishable beatable
vincible beatable
subjugable subduable
inexpugnable impregnable
never-say-die indomitable
unsubduable indomitable
insurmountable insuperable
unbeatable invincible
unvanquishable invincible
self-aware self-conscious
senseless insensible
kayoed knocked_out
KO'd knocked_out
out knocked_out
stunned knocked_out
consecrate consecrated
dedicated consecrated
violated profaned
priestlike priestly
standpat fusty
unprogressive fusty
nonprogressive fusty
traditionalist hidebound
reformist progressive
reform-minded progressive
socialised socialized
welfare-statist welfarist
agreeable accordant
conformable accordant
consonant accordant
concordant accordant
conflicting at_odds
contradictory at_odds
self-contradictory at_odds
incompatible discrepant
uneven spotty
scratchy spotty
eye-catching attention-getting
large big
prominent big
egregious crying
flagrant crying
glaring crying
gross crying
rank crying
prominent outstanding
salient outstanding
spectacular outstanding
striking outstanding
invisible inconspicuous
unnoticeable obscure
discernable discernible
undistinguishable indistinguishable
staunch steadfast
unswerving steadfast
unflagging unfailing
untrue false
volatile fickle
shaping formative
plastic formative
rehabilitative reconstructive
annihilating annihilative
devastating annihilative
withering annihilative
ruinous blasting
cataclysmic cataclysmal
corrosive caustic
erosive caustic
vitriolic caustic
mordant caustic
devastating crushing
negative damaging
content contented
self-satisfied complacent
self-complacent complacent
self-satisfied smug
discontent discontented
ill-affected disaffected
malcontent disaffected
rebellious disaffected
dissatisfied disgruntled
ungratified restless
unsatisfied restless
disputable debatable
shakeable shakable
incontestible incontestable
incontrovertible demonstrable
unarguable inarguable
unshakable unassailable
watertight unassailable
bulletproof unassailable
repetitive insistent
recurrent perennial
repeated perennial
relentless persistent
unrelenting persistent
revenant recurring
spasmodic fitful
occasional periodic
unpredictable irregular
stray isolated
uninterrupted continuous
day-and-night around-the-clock
nonstop around-the-clock
round-the-clock around-the-clock
constant ceaseless
incessant ceaseless
never-ending ceaseless
perpetual ceaseless
unceasing ceaseless
unremitting ceaseless
persisting dogging
sustained free_burning
consecutive straight
noncontinuous discontinuous
possessed obsessed
anarchical anarchic
lawless anarchic
uncontrollable irrepressible
masterless lordless
ungoverned undisciplined
debatable arguable
disputable arguable
moot arguable
polemical polemic
noncontroversial uncontroversial
unchallenged undisputed
unquestioned undisputed
stipulatory agreed_upon
combative contentious
disputatious contentious
disputative contentious
litigious contentious
eristical eristic
favourable favorable
stuffy stodgy
maverick irregular
unorthodox irregular
buttoned-down button-down
conservative button-down
straight square
stereotypic stereotyped
stereotypical stereotyped
unimaginative stereotyped
eccentric bizarre
freakish bizarre
freaky bizarre
flaky bizarre
flakey bizarre
gonzo bizarre
off-the-wall bizarre
outlandish bizarre
outre bizarre
raffish devil-may-care
rakish devil-may-care
kinky far-out
offbeat far-out
quirky far-out
way-out far-out
spacy spaced-out
spacey spaced-out
unconformist nonconformist
atomic nuclear
tralatitious handed-down
untraditional nontraditional
merging confluent
focussed focused
diverging divergent
arboreous arboreal
arborescent arboreal
arboresque arboreal
arboriform arboreal
dendriform arboreal
dendroid arboreal
dendroidal arboreal
treelike arboreal
tree-shaped arboreal
branching branched
ramose branched
ramous branched
ramate branched
maple-like maplelike
unbranching unbranched
disillusioning disenchanting
flimsy unconvincing
grilled barbecued
poached boiled
stewed boiled
grilled broiled
burnt burned
deep-fried fried
roasted roast
sauteed saute
underdone half-baked
synergistic synergetic
debased corrupted
vitiated corrupted
bribable corruptible
dishonest corruptible
purchasable corruptible
venal corruptible
perverse depraved
perverted depraved
reprobate depraved
sordid dirty
Pretorian praetorian
unspoiled uncorrupted
interactive synergistic
incompatible antagonistic
goodish goodly
healthy goodly
hefty goodly
respectable goodly
sizable goodly
sizeable goodly
tidy goodly
substantial significant
real substantial
material substantial
unsubstantial insubstantial
unreal insubstantial
aerial aeriform
airy aeriform
aery aeriform
ethereal aeriform
wraithlike shadowy
nonmaterial immaterial
nonphysical intangible
silvery-bodied silver-bodied
thin-bodied slim-bodied
slender-bodied slim-bodied
bodyless bodiless
material corporeal
corporal bodied
corporate bodied
embodied bodied
incarnate bodied
immaterial incorporeal
unembodied discorporate
bodiless discorporate
unbodied discorporate
disembodied discorporate
right correct
exact accurate
precise accurate
word-perfect letter-perfect
wrong incorrect
mistaken false
correct right
correctable amendable
reformable redeemable
unregenerate unreformable
uncorrectable uncontrollable
unmanageable uncontrollable
travelled traveled
hick bumpkinly
rustic bumpkinly
unsophisticated bumpkinly
parochial insular
one-horse jerkwater
pokey jerkwater
poky jerkwater
evacuant cathartic
purgative cathartic
regular unconstipated
diarrhoeal diarrheal
diarrhetic diarrheal
diarrhoetic diarrheal
diarrheic diarrheal
diarrhoeic diarrheal
loose lax
uncaring thoughtless
unthinking thoughtless
gallant chivalrous
knightly chivalrous
brusk brusque
curt brusque
short brusque
unchivalrous caddish
ungallant caddish
well-mannered mannerly
gracious courteous
nice courteous
brattish bratty
bad-mannered ill-mannered
rude ill-mannered
unmannered ill-mannered
unmannerly ill-mannered
ungracious discourteous
polite civil
rude uncivil
originative creative
notional fanciful
inventive imaginative
unimaginative sterile
uninspired sterile
uninventive sterile
believable credible
unbelievable incredible
dumbfounding astounding
dumfounding astounding
marvelous improbable
marvellous improbable
tall improbable
undreamed_of undreamed
undreamt undreamed
undreamt_of undreamed
unimagined undreamed
skeptical disbelieving
sceptical disbelieving
unbelieving disbelieving
faultfinding captious
overcritical hypercritical
vituperative scathing
evaluative appraising
judicial discriminative
noncritical uncritical
grave dangerous
grievous dangerous
serious dangerous
severe dangerous
life-threatening dangerous
dire desperate
noncrucial noncritical
cross-town crosstown
intersectant decussate
intersecting decussate
comose comate
crownless uncrowned
important crucial
decisive critical
life-or-death life-and-death
polar pivotal
crystallised crystallized
uncrystallised uncrystallized
three-dimensional cubic
blocky blockish
boxy boxlike
box-shaped boxlike
cube-shaped cubelike
cubical cubelike
cubiform cubelike
cuboid cubelike
cuboidal cubelike
one-dimensional linear
rectilineal rectilinear
two-dimensional planar
platelike placoid
flattened planate
one-dimensional unidimensional
2-dimensional two-dimensional
flat two-dimensional
3-dimensional three-dimensional
third-dimensional three-dimensional
three-d three-dimensional
4-dimensional four-dimensional
shredded chopped
sliced chopped
perforated pierced
perforate pierced
punctured pierced
cut_off severed
hand-hewn hewn
rough uncut
speculative inquisitive
questioning inquisitive
wondering inquisitive
nosey nosy
prying nosy
snoopy nosy
uninquisitive uninquiring
underway afoot
present-day contemporary
on-going ongoing
online on-line
latest up-to-the-minute
obsolete disused
out-of-date outdated
superannuated outdated
curst cursed
accurst accursed
maledict accursed
blame blasted
blamed blasted
blessed blasted
damn blasted
damned blasted
darned blasted
deuced blasted
goddam blasted
goddamn blasted
goddamned blasted
infernal blasted
stuck_with cursed_with
goddamn damn
execrable damnable
blest blessed
golden fortunate
uncurtained curtainless
custom custom-made
bespoken bespoke
made-to-order bespoke
tailored bespoke
tailor-made bespoke
made-to-order custom-built
off-the-shelf off-the-rack
off-the-peg off-the-rack
ready-to-wear off-the-rack
hand-crafted handmade
handwoven hand-loomed
handstitched handsewn
oversewn overhand
store-bought boughten
cyclical cyclic
alternating alternate
rotary circular
orbitual circular
noncyclical noncyclic
closed-ring closed-chain
isocyclic homocyclic
open-chain acyclic
verticillated verticillate
whorled verticillate
one-year annual
two-year biennial
beat-up battered
beaten-up battered
broken-down bedraggled
derelict bedraggled
dilapidated bedraggled
ramshackle bedraggled
tatterdemalion bedraggled
tumble-down bedraggled
crumpled bent
dented bent
busted broken
weakened hurt
dateable datable
undated dateless
deaf-mute deaf-and-dumb
hearing-impaired hard-of-hearing
stone-deaf profoundly_deaf
deaf_as_a_post profoundly_deaf
unhearing profoundly_deaf
quick-eared sharp-eared
earthy crude
gross crude
vulgar crude
determinant deciding
determinative deciding
determining deciding
fatal fateful
resolute unhesitating
undecided on_the_fence
hesitating hesitant
declaratory declarative
asserting declarative
interrogatory interrogative
proclaimed announced
professed avowed
staid sedate
indelicate indecorous
abyssal abysmal
unfathomable abysmal
unfathomed profound
unplumbed profound
unsounded profound
knee-deep ankle-deep
shelfy reefy
shelvy reefy
shoaly reefy
profound heavy
sound heavy
wakeless heavy
wakeful light
inalienable unforfeitable
victorious triumphant
unconquered unbeaten
unvanquished unbeaten
noncompliant defiant
resistant insubordinate
resistive insubordinate
conformable amenable
vague undefined
undefinable indefinable
clear well-defined
unclear ill-defined
plagiarized plagiaristic
plagiarised plagiaristic
decided distinct
unfixed nebulous
chopfallen chapfallen
crestfallen chapfallen
deflated chapfallen
grim gloomy
blue gloomy
depressed gloomy
dispirited gloomy
down gloomy
downcast gloomy
downhearted gloomy
down_in_the_mouth gloomy
low gloomy
low-spirited gloomy
lonesome lonely
exulting exultant
jubilant exultant
prideful exultant
rejoicing exultant
triumphal exultant
triumphant exultant
exhilarated gladdened
in_high_spirits high
exquisite dainty
gossamer ethereal
tough sturdy
brickle brittle
brickly brittle
friable crumbly
fragile delicate
frail delicate
splinterless shatterproof
splinterproof shatterproof
exacting exigent
hard_to_please hard-to-please
stringent rigorous
tight rigorous
strict stern
exacting stern
crying clamant
exigent clamant
insistent clamant
instant clamant
urgent pressing
shrill strident
pleading beseeching
imploring beseeching
precative precatory
supplicant suppliant
supplicatory suppliant
egalitarian classless
autocratic authoritarian
dictatorial authoritarian
despotic authoritarian
tyrannic authoritarian
tyrannical authoritarian
monarchical monarchal
monarchic monarchal
impulsive capricious
whimsical capricious
discretional discretionary
unarbitrary nonarbitrary
gushing effusive
gushy effusive
epideictical epideictic
reticent restrained
unemotional restrained
refutable questionable
confutable questionable
confutative questionable
indisputable incontestable
undisputable incontestable
irrefutable incontrovertible
positive incontrovertible
denotive denotative
naming appellative
connotative_of connotational
suggestive implicative
dependable reliable
sure certain
time-tested tested
tried tested
tried_and_true tested
undependable unreliable
temperamental erratic
mutualist interdependent
mutually_beneficial interdependent
parasitical parasitic
leechlike parasitic
bloodsucking parasitic
autarkical autarkic
self-directed autonomous
self-reliant autonomous
fissiparous breakaway
separatist breakaway
nonparasitic free-living
nonsymbiotic free-living
case-by-case individual
item-by-item individual
self-sufficing self-sufficient
self-sustaining self-sufficient
main independent
subordinate dependent
partizan partisan
tendencious tendentious
nonpartizan nonpartisan
bipartizan bipartisan
two-party bipartisan
two-way bipartisan
unbiassed unbiased
normative prescriptive
desired coveted
in_demand coveted
sought_after coveted
sexually_attractive delectable
preferred preferable
unwanted undesirable
exterminated annihilated
wiped_out annihilated
spoilt blighted
obliterate blotted_out
obliterated blotted_out
wiped_out broken
impoverished broken
burnt burned
burned-over burned
burned-out burned
burnt-out burned
dismantled demolished
razed demolished
pillaged despoiled
raped despoiled
ravaged despoiled
sacked despoiled
kaput done_for
gone done_for
ruined finished
tattered shattered
war-worn war-torn
maintained kept_up
well-kept kept_up
saved protected
maintained retained
discoverable ascertainable
undeterminable indeterminable
undiscoverable unascertainable
undetermined indeterminate
matured mature
rudimentary vestigial
dextrorsal dextrorse
sinistrorsal sinistrorse
uniform undifferentiated
hard difficult
challenging ambitious
embarrassing awkward
sticky awkward
unenviable awkward
elusive baffling
knotty baffling
problematic baffling
problematical baffling
tough baffling
tricky catchy
ticklish delicate
touchy delicate
tight nasty
rough rocky
tough rugged
effortless casual
soft cushy
easygoing cushy
simple elementary
uncomplicated elementary
unproblematic elementary
formal courtly
stately courtly
grand distinguished
imposing distinguished
magisterial distinguished
humbling demeaning
humiliating demeaning
mortifying demeaning
ridiculous pathetic
silly pathetic
statesmanly statesmanlike
sedulous assiduous
industrious hardworking
tireless hardworking
untiring hardworking
delinquent derelict
neglectful derelict
remiss derelict
slack lax
neglectful inattentive
dilute diluted
thinned cut
weakened cut
washy watery
weak watery
straight neat
full-strength neat
concentrated saturated
diplomatical diplomatic
smooth politic
suave politic
bland politic
kid-glove tactful
conciliative conciliatory
placating appeasing
placative appeasing
placatory appeasing
propitiatory propitiative
unswerving undeviating
askant askance
asquint askance
squint askance
squint-eyed askance
squinty askance
sidelong askance
circuitous devious
roundabout devious
rambling meandering
wandering meandering
winding meandering
candid blunt
forthright blunt
frank blunt
free-spoken blunt
outspoken blunt
plainspoken blunt
point-blank blunt
straight-from-the-shoulder blunt
unvarnished plain
straightforward square
straight square
roundabout circuitous
circumlocutory circumlocutious
periphrastic circumlocutious
ambagious circumlocutious
oblique devious
discursive digressive
excursive digressive
rambling digressive
mealy-mouthed mealymouthed
unmediated direct
percipient clear
clear-sighted clear-eyed
perspicacious clear-eyed
purblind obtuse
blabbermouthed bigmouthed
blabby bigmouthed
talkative bigmouthed
wholesale sweeping
diacritical diacritic
discriminatory discriminative
indiscriminating undiscriminating
usable available
useable available
spendable expendable
liquid fluid
median medial
well-defined chiseled
clean-cut clear
clear-cut clear
sharp crisp
outlined defined
blurred bleary
blurry bleary
foggy bleary
fuzzy bleary
hazy bleary
muzzy bleary
nebulose cloudy
nebulous cloudy
faint dim
shadowy dim
vague dim
wispy dim
focussed focused
unfocussed unfocused
wide-ranging varied
unanimous solid
whole solid
separable dissociable
severable dissociable
indivisible_by undividable
dictatorial authoritarian
overbearing authoritarian
bossy autocratic
dominating autocratic
high-and-mighty autocratic
magisterial autocratic
peremptory autocratic
bullying blustery
high-handed cavalier
roughshod heavy-handed
tyrannical oppressive
tyrannous oppressive
bowing bowed
spiritless meek
groveling cringing
grovelling cringing
wormlike cringing
wormy cringing
henpecked dominated
fawning bootlicking
sycophantic bootlicking
toadyish bootlicking
subservient slavish
submissive slavish
unsubmissive unservile
ascendent ascendant
dominating ascendant
paramount overriding
predominant overriding
predominate overriding
preponderant overriding
preponderating overriding
supreme sovereign
low-level subordinate
assistant adjunct
single-barrelled single-barreled
double-barrelled double-barreled
melodramatic histrionic
stagey stagy
potable drinkable
drunk intoxicated
inebriated intoxicated
bacchanal bacchanalian
bacchic bacchanalian
carousing bacchanalian
orgiastic bacchanalian
blind_drunk besotted
blotto besotted
crocked besotted
cockeyed besotted
fuddled besotted
loaded besotted
pie-eyed besotted
pissed besotted
pixilated besotted
plastered besotted
slopped besotted
sloshed besotted
smashed besotted
soaked besotted
soused besotted
sozzled besotted
squiffy besotted
stiff besotted
tight besotted
wet besotted
tiddly potty
tipsy potty
boozy bibulous
drunken bibulous
sottish bibulous
drugged doped
narcotized doped
narcotised doped
mellow high
stoned hopped-up
stone-sober cold_sober
teetotal dry
unintoxicated uninebriated
dulled blunted
penetrating penetrative
intense acute
keen cutting
knifelike cutting
piercing cutting
stabbing cutting
lancinate cutting
lancinating cutting
bouncy bouncing
peppy bouncing
spirited bouncing
zippy bouncing
effervescent bubbling
frothy bubbling
scintillating bubbling
sparkly bubbling
burbly burbling
effusive burbling
gushing burbling
desiccate arid
desiccated arid
dreary drab
leaden heavy
monotonous humdrum
lacklustre lackluster
lusterless lackluster
lustreless lackluster
dynamical dynamic
ever-changing changing
impulsive driving
energising energizing
kinetic energizing
high-powered high-octane
high-power high-octane
high-voltage high-octane
high-energy high-octane
propellent propellant
propelling propellant
propulsive propellant
self-propelling self-propelled
adynamic undynamic
moribund stagnant
dying anxious
raring impatient
auriculated auriculate
primal aboriginal
primeval aboriginal
primaeval aboriginal
primordial aboriginal
beforehand advance
archaean archean
archaeozoic archeozoic
earliest earlier
untimely premature
premature previous
ripe advanced
primitive archaic
young new
primitive crude
rude crude
embryotic embryonic
inchoate incipient
later late
New modern
worried apprehensive
unstable precarious
eastward eastbound
eastern easterly
eastern easterly
eastmost easternmost
westerly westbound
westward westbound
western westerly
westmost westernmost
Hesperian occidental
mid-Atlantic middle_atlantic
pyknic endomorphic
muscular mesomorphic
comestible edible
eatable edible
non-poisonous nonpoisonous
nontoxic nonpoisonous
parve pareve
uneatable inedible
knowledgeable knowing
learned knowing
lettered knowing
well-educated knowing
well-read knowing
illiterate ignorant
nescient ignorant
unlearned ignorant
unlettered ignorant
untaught unschooled
untutored unschooled
good effective
in_effect effective
in_force effective
in_operation operational
operating operational
effectual effective
efficacious effective
trenchant hard-hitting
telling impressive
uneffective ineffective
ineffectual ineffective
backbreaking arduous
grueling arduous
gruelling arduous
hard arduous
heavy arduous
laborious arduous
operose arduous
punishing arduous
toilsome arduous
tiring exhausting
wearing exhausting
wearying exhausting
labored heavy
laboured heavy
labour-intensive labor-intensive
plodding leaden
straining arduous
strenuous arduous
unstrained unforced
cost-effective cost-efficient
economical economic
wasteful uneconomical
exclamatory emphatic
strong firm
physical forcible
strong-arm forcible
unforceful forceless
wimpy wimpish
live bouncy
lively bouncy
resilient bouncy
springy bouncy
elasticised elasticized
expandible expandable
expansible expandable
expansile expandable
moldable fictile
plastic fictile
whippy flexible
rubberlike rubbery
stretchy stretchable
elected elective
appointed appointive
nominative nominated
non-elective nonelective
nonelected nonelective
nonobligatory nonmandatory
mandatory compulsory
required compulsory
dandyish dandified
foppish dandified
de_luxe deluxe
luxe deluxe
high-toned high-class
recherche exquisite
refined neat
tasteful neat
soignee soigne
graceless gauche
unpolished gauche
suitable desirable
worthy desirable
unsuitable undesirable
unqualified unentitled
affective affectional
emotive affectional
drippy bathetic
hokey bathetic
maudlin bathetic
mawkish bathetic
kitschy bathetic
mushy bathetic
schmaltzy bathetic
schmalzy bathetic
sentimental bathetic
soppy bathetic
soupy bathetic
slushy bathetic
releasing cathartic
supercharged charged
low-down funky
lyrical lyric
temperamental moody
sloppy overemotional
stolid impassive
philosophic philosophical
phlegmatical phlegmatic
stoical stoic
empiric empirical
verifiable confirmable
falsifiable confirmable
existential experiential
data-based experimental
observational experimental
theoretic theoretical
divinatory conjectural
hypothetical conjectural
hypothetic conjectural
supposed conjectural
suppositional conjectural
suppositious conjectural
supposititious conjectural
speculative notional
free-lance freelance
self-employed freelance
on_the_job working
dismissed discharged
fired discharged
laid-off discharged
pink-slipped discharged
jobless idle
out_of_work idle
captivated beguiled
charmed beguiled
delighted beguiled
enthralled beguiled
entranced beguiled
ensorcelled bewitched
hypnotized fascinated
hypnotised fascinated
mesmerized fascinated
mesmerised fascinated
spellbound fascinated
spell-bound fascinated
transfixed fascinated
undeceived disabused
exhortatory exhortative
hortative exhortative
hortatory exhortative
inspiriting heartening
intimidating daunting
demoralising demoralizing
disheartening demoralizing
dispiriting demoralizing
heavy-laden burdened
loaded_down burdened
mired involved
unburdened burdenless
unmortgaged clear
loaded_down bowed_down
overburdened bowed_down
weighed_down bowed_down
oppressed laden
endogamic endogamous
exogamic exogamous
autogamic autogamous
self-fertilised self-fertilized
self-pollinated self-fertilized
endogamic endogamous
exogamic exogamous
energy-absorbing endoergic
energy-releasing exoergic
endothermal endothermic
heat-absorbing endothermic
exothermal exothermic
heat-releasing exothermic
endogenic endogenous
exogenic exogenous
brisk alert
lively alert
merry alert
rattling alert
snappy alert
spanking alert
zippy alert
tireless indefatigable
unflagging indefatigable
unwearying indefatigable
unenrgetic lethargic
foggy dazed
groggy dazed
logy dazed
stuporous dazed
lackadaisical dreamy
languid dreamy
languorous dreamy
disfranchised disenfranchised
voiceless disenfranchised
voteless disenfranchised
explorative exploratory
nonexplorative nonexploratory
unexploratory nonexploratory
unexplorative nonexploratory
investigative fact-finding
investigatory fact-finding
probing inquisitory
searching inquisitory
uninquisitive uninquiring
accumulated accrued
inflated hyperbolic
magnified exaggerated
enlarged exaggerated
elevated raised
reduced decreased
attenuated attenuate
faded attenuate
weakened attenuate
diminished belittled
small belittled
slashed cut
shrivelled shriveled
shrunken shriveled
dark benighted
gumptious energetic
industrious energetic
up-and-coming energetic
nonenterprising unenterprising
unenergetic slowgoing
warm ardent
zealous avid
wild crazy
dotty crazy
gaga crazy
evangelistic evangelical
half-hearted halfhearted
tepid halfhearted
lukewarm halfhearted
wishful desirous
hungry athirst
thirsty athirst
devouring avid
esurient avid
greedy avid
envious covetous
jealous covetous
undesiring undesirous
entozoan entozoic
endozoic entozoic
tantamount equivalent
tight close
fifty-fifty even
isochronous isochronal
isoclinic isoclinal
isometrical isometric
even tied
level tied
unsymmetrical anisometric
uneven mismatched
unequalised unequalized
counterpoised counterbalanced
proportionate harmonious
symmetrical harmonious
imbalanced unbalanced
isosmotic isotonic
ambiguous equivocal
forked double
univocal unequivocal
unambiguous unequivocal
erasable effaceable
extirpable exterminable
removable obliterable
unerasable indelible
inexpungeable inexpungible
inextirpable inexterminable
deep abstruse
recondite abstruse
kabbalistic cabalistic
qabalistic cabalistic
cryptic cabalistic
cryptical cabalistic
sibylline cabalistic
mystic mysterious
mystical mysterious
occult mysterious
secret mysterious
orphic mysterious
primary basal
constitutional constituent
constitutive constituent
organic constituent
substantive substantial
life-sustaining vital
unessential inessential
nonessential incidental
vital critical
low abject
low-down abject
miserable abject
scummy abject
scurvy abject
mean bastardly
pitiable pathetic
pitiful pathetic
eulogistic encomiastic
panegyric encomiastic
panegyrical encomiastic
praiseful laudatory
praising laudatory
deprecating belittling
deprecative belittling
deprecatory belittling
depreciative belittling
depreciatory belittling
slighting belittling
derogatory derogative
disparaging derogative
dislogistic dyslogistic
pejorative dyslogistic
sneering supercilious
snide supercilious
insinuating ingratiating
ingratiatory ingratiating
uncomplimentary unflattering
inoffensive euphemistic
offensive dysphemistic
distressed dysphoric
unhappy dysphoric
level flat
plane flat
flatbottomed flatbottom
straight true
crinkly crinkled
rippled crinkled
wavy crinkled
wavelike crinkled
cross-grained curly-grained
wavy-grained curly-grained
jaggy jagged
scraggy jagged
untrue out_of_true
uneven odd
cone-bearing coniferous
half-evergreen semi-evergreen
broad-leafed broadleaf
broad-leaved broadleaf
verbatim direct
strict rigorous
approximative approximate
rough approximate
loose free
liberal free
exchangeable convertible
redeemable cashable
unconvertible inconvertible
unexchangeable inconvertible
substitutable commutable
permutable transposable
warm quick
flighty skittish
spooky skittish
nervous skittish
nervous aflutter
drunk intoxicated
stirred stimulated
stirred_up stimulated
aroused stimulated
titillated teased
breathtaking breathless
exhilarating elating
galvanic electric
galvanizing electric
galvanising electric
thrilling electrifying
glamourous glamorous
intoxicating heady
tingling tickling
titillating tickling
humdrum commonplace
prosaic commonplace
unglamorous commonplace
unglamourous commonplace
exonerative absolvitory
forgiving absolvitory
justificatory justificative
vindicatory justificative
inculpative inculpatory
accusatory accusative
accusing accusative
accusive accusative
denunciative comminatory
denunciatory comminatory
condemning condemnatory
criminatory criminative
incriminating criminative
incriminatory criminative
damning damnatory
recriminatory recriminative
spent exhausted
left_over leftover
left leftover
odd leftover
remaining leftover
unexpended leftover
unexpended unspent
existing existent
alive active
absent lacking
missing lacking
wanting lacking
destitute barren
devoid barren
free barren
innocent barren
living surviving
nonextant extinct
awaited anticipated
hoped-for anticipated
unheralded unannounced
unpredicted unannounced
unforeseen unanticipated
unlooked-for unanticipated
out_of_the_blue unanticipated
unhoped-for unhoped
unthought unhoped
unthought-of unhoped
opportunistic opportunist
timeserving opportunist
carpetbagging carpetbag
high-ticket big-ticket
dear costly
high-priced costly
pricey costly
pricy costly
costly dearly-won
inexpensive cheap
cut-rate bargain-priced
cut-price bargain-priced
low-priced low-cost
affordable low-cost
threepenny sixpenny
twopenny sixpenny
tuppeny sixpenny
two-a-penny sixpenny
twopenny-halfpenny sixpenny
experient experienced
fully_fledged full-fledged
knowledgeable intimate
versed intimate
older old
practised practiced
veteran seasoned
inexperient inexperienced
unfledged fledgling
callow fledgling
new raw
uninitiated uninitiate
naive uninitiate
unpractised unpracticed
unversed unpracticed
untested unseasoned
untried unseasoned
young unseasoned
interpretable explainable
incomprehensible inexplicable
cryptical cryptic
deep cryptic
inscrutable cryptic
mysterious cryptic
mystifying cryptic
self-contradictory paradoxical
unexplainable unaccountable
expressed explicit
stated declared
unequivocal definitive
hardcore hard-core
inexplicit implicit
inherent implicit_in
underlying implicit_in
tacit silent
understood silent
unsaid unexpressed
unstated unexpressed
unuttered unexpressed
unverbalized unexpressed
unverbalised unexpressed
unvoiced unexpressed
unspoken unexpressed
undeveloped unexploited
utterable speakable
unexpressible inexpressible
indescribable indefinable
ineffable indefinable
unspeakable indefinable
untellable indefinable
unutterable indefinable
extensible extensile
protractible protractile
protrusible protrusile
inextensible nonextensile
nonprotractile nonextensile
fingerlike digitate
cavernous erectile
expandible expandable
expansible expandable
outmost outermost
innermost inmost
innermost inmost
interior inner
internal inner
private secret
sharp-eyed keen-eyed
round-eyed saucer-eyed
just fair
antitrust antimonopoly
sporting clean
sporty clean
sportsmanlike clean
unjust unfair
dirty cheating
foul cheating
unsporting cheating
unsportsmanlike cheating
just equitable
fair honest
unjust inequitable
loyal firm
truehearted firm
fast firm
perfidious punic
treacherous punic
cheating adulterous
two-timing adulterous
hardcore hard-core
traitorous faithless
unfaithful faithless
treasonable faithless
treasonous faithless
seditious insurgent
subversive insurgent
renegade recreant
error-prone erring
unreliable undependable
unfailing foolproof
inerrant inerrable
unerring inerrable
well-known long-familiar
unknown strange
unacquainted_with unacquainted
unfamiliar_with unacquainted
unusual strange
fantastic antic
fantastical antic
grotesque antic
funny curious
odd curious
peculiar curious
queer curious
rum curious
rummy curious
singular curious
eery eerie
usual common
stylish fashionable
a_la_mode latest
in_style latest
in_vogue latest
modish latest
dashing dapper
jaunty dapper
natty dapper
raffish dapper
rakish dapper
spiffy dapper
snappy dapper
spruce dapper
faddy faddish
swagger groovy
cutting-edge up-to-date
with-it up-to-date
modern mod
modernistic mod
quaint old-time
olde_worlde old-time
swanky swank
trend-setting trendsetting
voguish trendy
unstylish unfashionable
demode antique
ex antique
old-fashioned antique
old-hat antique
outmoded antique
passe antique
passee antique
frumpy dowdy
frumpish dowdy
moss-grown fogyish
mossy fogyish
stick-in-the-mud fogyish
stodgy fogyish
fashionable stylish
smart chic
voguish chic
posh classy
swish classy
unstylish styleless
hot blistering
red-hot blistering
swift fleet
high-velocity high-speed
scurrying hurrying
prompt immediate
quick immediate
straightaway immediate
instant instantaneous
speedy quick
speedy rapid
laggard dilatory
poky dilatory
pokey dilatory
long-playing long-play
sulky sluggish
choosey choosy
nice dainty
overnice dainty
prissy dainty
squeamish dainty
finicky finical
fussy finical
particular finical
picky finical
persnickety pernickety
old-womanish old-maidish
exacting fastidious
paunchy abdominous
potbellied abdominous
embonpoint chubby
plump chubby
zaftig buxom
zoftig buxom
obese corpulent
weighty corpulent
rotund corpulent
jowly double-chinned
loose-jowled double-chinned
podgy dumpy
pudgy dumpy
tubby dumpy
roly-poly dumpy
heavy fleshy
overweight fleshy
porcine gross
stout portly
lean thin
anorectic anorexic
cadaverous bony
emaciated bony
gaunt bony
haggard bony
pinched bony
skeletal bony
wasted bony
hollow-eyed deep-eyed
sunken-eyed deep-eyed
gangly gangling
lanky gangling
spindly lank
reedlike reedy
twiglike twiggy
boney scraggy
scrawny scraggy
skinny scraggy
underweight scraggy
weedy scraggy
shrivelled shriveled
shrunken shriveled
withered shriveled
wizen shriveled
wizened shriveled
slight slender
slim slender
svelte slender
slim-waisted slender-waisted
wasp-waisted slender-waisted
trim spare
spindle-shanked spindle-legged
wiry stringy
wispy wisplike
fat fatty
oily greasy
sebaceous greasy
oleaginous greasy
fat-free nonfat
fatless nonfat
lite light
low-cal light
calorie-free light
skimmed skim
deathly deadly
mortal deadly
lethal deadly
plumbable fathomable
soundable fathomable
favourable favorable
unfavourable unfavorable
contrary adverse
favourable favorable
affirmative approving
approbative approving
approbatory approving
plausive approving
unfavourable unfavorable
admonishing admonitory
reproachful admonitory
reproving admonitory
inauspicious adverse
untoward adverse
invidious discriminatory
feathery featherlike
vaned fledged
plumed plumate
plumose plumate
plumy plumed
plumy plumelike
featherless unfeathered
fledgeless unfledged
unvaned unfledged
gratulatory congratulatory
well-chosen happy
clumsy awkward
cumbersome awkward
inapt awkward
inept awkward
ill-chosen awkward
impregnable conceptive
unfertile sterile
infertile sterile
sterilised sterilized
unfertilised unfertilized
unimpregnated unfertilized
concluded complete
ended complete
over complete
all_over complete
terminated complete
through done
through_with done
through_with done_with
uncompleted incomplete
polished dressed
unsanded raw
rough-cut roughhewn
delimited bounded
unbounded boundless
limitless boundless
endless dateless
sempiternal dateless
unlimited inexhaustible
non-finite infinite
first beginning
initiative inaugural
initiatory inaugural
first inaugural
maiden inaugural
final concluding
last concluding
terminal concluding
archetypical archetypal
prototypal archetypal
prototypic archetypal
prototypical archetypal
introductory basic
eldest firstborn
first-year freshman
premiere premier
prime premier
fourth-year senior
gray grey
mediate in-between
middle in-between
third-year junior
next-to-last junior
next-to-last penultimate
second-year sophomore
fissile fissionable
able-bodied able
in_condition conditioned
impaired afflicted
apraxic apractic
bandy-legged bandy
bowed bandy
bowleg bandy
bowlegged bandy
halt crippled
halting crippled
lame crippled
gimpy crippled
game crippled
crookbacked crookback
humped crookback
humpbacked crookback
hunchbacked crookback
gibbous crookback
kyphotic crookback
handicapped disabled
flabby soft
flaccid soft
lordotic dipped
swayback dipped
swaybacked dipped
mutilated maimed
suited suitable
flexile flexible
pliable bendable
pliant bendable
waxy bendable
supple limber
spinnbar spinnable
stiff rigid
supple limber
on_the_table negotiable
adamantine adamant
inexorable adamant
intransigent adamant
rock-ribbed die-hard
fossilised fossilized
ossified fossilized
brassbound ironclad
sturdy uncompromising
inflexible uncompromising
hardline hard-line
conciliatory compromising
flexible compromising
flexible elastic
pliable elastic
pliant elastic
rigid inflexible
unbending inflexible
inverted anatropous
curling curled
frizzly crisp
frizzy crisp
kinky crisp
nappy crisp
fast-footed swift-footed
web-toed web-footed
apodous apodal
pointed-toe pointy-toed
squared-toe square-toed
two-toe two-toed
splayfoot splayfooted
forehanded forehand
backhanded backhand
inborn connatural
inbred connatural
adoptive adopted
strange foreign
exotic alien
naturalized established
nonnative foreign-born
unnaturalised unnaturalized
autochthonic autochthonal
autochthonous autochthonal
endemic autochthonal
indigenous autochthonal
aboriginal native
overseas abroad
international external
outside external
interior home
internal home
national home
persistent haunting
tolerant kind
vindictive revengeful
vengeful revengeful
conventional ceremonious
full-dress dress
dress full-dress
titular nominal
prescribed positive
perfunctory pro_forma
semi-formal semiformal
black-tie semiformal
stiff starchy
buckram starchy
everyday casual
daily casual
casual free-and-easy
unceremonial unceremonious
conversational colloquial
vernacular common
vulgar common
epistolatory epistolary
nonliterary unliterary
happy felicitous
well good
providential heaven-sent
miraculous heaven-sent
calamitous black
disastrous black
fatal black
fateful black
homeless dispossessed
roofless dispossessed
miserable hapless
misfortunate hapless
pathetic hapless
piteous hapless
pitiable hapless
pitiful hapless
poor hapless
wretched hapless
ill-fated doomed
ill-omened doomed
ill-starred doomed
unlucky doomed
unhappy infelicitous
too_bad regrettable
redolent aromatic
odorous odoriferous
perfumed odoriferous
scented odoriferous
sweet odoriferous
sweet-scented odoriferous
sweet-smelling odoriferous
scented perfumed
malodourous malodorous
unpleasant-smelling malodorous
ill-smelling malodorous
stinky malodorous
foetid fetid
foul fetid
foul-smelling fetid
funky fetid
noisome fetid
smelly fetid
stinking fetid
ill-scented fetid
musty fusty
frowsty fusty
gamy gamey
high gamey
mephitic miasmic
odorous odoriferous
rancid sour
musky-scented musk-scented
smelling redolent
strong-scented strong-smelling
tansy-smelling tansy-scented
odourless odorless
inodorous odorless
conjugated conjugate
conjugated conjugate
firm fast
immobile fast
free detached
unsteady unfirm
escaped at_large
loose at_large
on_the_loose at_large
independent autonomous
self-governing autonomous
sovereign autonomous
uncommitted available
atrip aweigh
liberated emancipated
unimprisoned unconfined
adscripted adscript
articled apprenticed
bound apprenticed
indentured apprenticed
cornered at_bay
trapped at_bay
treed at_bay
confined captive
imprisoned captive
jailed captive
nonsovereign nonautonomous
slaveless free-soil
non-slave free-soil
prevalent prevailing
predominant prevailing
dominant prevailing
rife prevailing
steady regular
undecomposed good
unspoiled good
unspoilt good
warm strong
spoiled bad
spoilt bad
maggoty flyblown
wilted limp
mouldy moldy
musty moldy
tainted corrupt
cured aged
crystalized candied
crystalised candied
glace candied
tinned canned
cured corned
dehydrated dried
desiccated dried
quick-frozen flash-frozen
frozen flash-frozen
lyophilised lyophilized
freeze-dried lyophilized
salt-cured salted
brine-cured salted
smoke-cured smoked
smoke-dried smoked
sundried sun-dried
sweet fresh
briny brackish
amiable affable
cordial affable
genial affable
matey chummy
pally chummy
palsy-walsy chummy
hail-fellow comradely
hail-fellow-well-met comradely
couthy couthie
intimate cozy
informal cozy
neighbourly neighborly
scowling beetle-browed
unneighbourly unneighborly
melting liquescent
baccate berried
bacciferous berried
plentiful bountiful
fertile fat
productive fat
rich fat
procreative generative
reproductive generative
fertile prolific
stillborn abortive
unsuccessful abortive
awash afloat
flooded afloat
inundated afloat
overflowing afloat
brimfull brimful
brimming brimful
chock-full chockablock
chockful chockablock
choke-full chockablock
chuck-full chockablock
cram_full chockablock
engorged congested
pregnant fraught
overfull glutted
weighed_down heavy
replete instinct
loaded laden
ladened laden
overloaded overladen
untasted untouched
stripped bare
clean blank
white blank
glazed glassy
pillaged looted
plundered looted
ransacked looted
parttime part-time
temporary irregular
useful utilitarian
decorative cosmetic
ornamental cosmetic
operative running
functional running
working running
nonfunctional malfunctioning
awry amiss
haywire amiss
wrong amiss
defective bad
lateen-rigged lateen
equipt equipped
accoutred accoutered
panoplied armored
transistorised transistorized
mature fledged
fledgeling fledgling
fully_fledged full-fledged
immature unfledged
equipped furnished
outfitted fitted_out
stocked_with stocked
well-found well-appointed
coal-burning coal-fired
wood-burning wood-fired
nominal nominative
double-geared back-geared
meshed engaged
intermeshed engaged
unspecific broad
all-purpose general-purpose
special limited
peculiar particular
special particular
particularised particularized
widely_distributed cosmopolitan
gilled branchiate
abranchial abranchiate
abranchious abranchiate
gill-less abranchiate
centralised centralized
decentralised decentralized
localised localized
suburbanised suburbanized
untechnical nontechnical
freehearted benevolent
bighearted big
bounteous big
bountiful big
freehanded big
handsome big
giving big
liberal big
openhanded big
munificent lavish
overgenerous lavish
too-generous lavish
unsparing lavish
unstinted lavish
unstinting lavish
ungenerous stingy
mean beggarly
chinchy cheap
chintzy cheap
close cheeseparing
near cheeseparing
penny-pinching cheeseparing
skinny cheeseparing
hardfisted closefisted
tightfisted closefisted
niggardly grudging
scrimy grudging
mingy mean
miserly mean
tight mean
penurious parsimonious
large big
magnanimous big
meanspirited ungenerous
echt genuine
bona_fide authentic
unquestionable authentic
veritable authentic
authenticated attested
documented attested
honest good
honest-to-goodness honest-to-god
old honest-to-god
sure-enough honest-to-god
imitative counterfeit
false assumed
fictitious assumed
fictive assumed
pretended assumed
put_on assumed
sham assumed
forged bad
fake bogus
phony bogus
phoney bogus
bastard bogus
unauthentic inauthentic
spurious inauthentic
ostensive ostensible
gifted talented
talentless untalented
shiny glazed
vitreous glassy
vitrified glassy
calendered glossy
glassed glazed
glassless unglazed
historied celebrated
storied celebrated
elysian divine
inspired divine
empyrean empyreal
sublime empyreal
unknown obscure
unsung obscure
a-okay a-ok
bully bang-up
corking bang-up
cracking bang-up
dandy bang-up
great bang-up
groovy bang-up
keen bang-up
neat bang-up
nifty bang-up
not_bad bang-up
peachy bang-up
slap-up bang-up
swell bang-up
smashing bang-up
acceptable satisfactory
well_behaved well-behaved
abominable atrocious
awful atrocious
dreadful atrocious
painful atrocious
terrible atrocious
unspeakable atrocious
corky corked
distressing deplorable
lamentable deplorable
pitiful deplorable
sad deplorable
sorry deplorable
frightful fearful
tough hard
crappy icky
lousy icky
rotten icky
shitty icky
stinking icky
stinky icky
unskilled incompetent
no-good rubber
unfavourable unfavorable
angelical angelic
beatific angelic
saintlike angelic
saintly angelic
sainted angelic
redeeming redemptive
saving redemptive
flagitious atrocious
grievous atrocious
monstrous atrocious
dark black
sinister black
perversive corruptive
pestiferous corruptive
diabolic demonic
diabolical demonic
fiendish demonic
hellish demonic
infernal demonic
satanic demonic
unholy demonic
ugly despicable
vile despicable
slimy despicable
unworthy despicable
worthless despicable
wretched despicable
diabolic devilish
diabolical devilish
mephistophelian devilish
mephistophelean devilish
good-humored amiable
good-humoured amiable
even-tempered equable
good-tempered equable
placid equable
bilious atrabilious
dyspeptic atrabilious
liverish atrabilious
prickly bristly
splenetic bristly
waspish bristly
crotchety cantankerous
ornery cantankerous
irascible choleric
hotheaded choleric
hot-tempered choleric
quick-tempered choleric
short-tempered choleric
crabby crabbed
cross crabbed
fussy crabbed
grouchy crabbed
grumpy crabbed
bad-tempered crabbed
ill-tempered crabbed
fractious cranky
irritable cranky
nettlesome cranky
peevish cranky
peckish cranky
pettish cranky
petulant cranky
scratchy cranky
testy cranky
tetchy cranky
techy cranky
curmudgeonly crusty
gruff crusty
ill-humored crusty
ill-humoured crusty
dour dark
glowering dark
glum dark
moody dark
morose dark
saturnine dark
sour dark
sullen dark
sulky huffish
misanthropical misanthropic
misogynistic misogynous
snorty shirty
nagging shrewish
snappy snappish
spoilt spoiled
ugly surly
vinegarish vinegary
fluid fluent
liquid fluent
smooth fluent
willowy gracile
lissom lissome
lithe lissome
lithesome lissome
slender lissome
supple lissome
svelte lissome
sylphlike lissome
clumsy gawky
clunky gawky
ungainly gawky
unwieldy gawky
ungraceful graceless
laboured labored
strained labored
graceful elegant
refined elegant
unpleasing graceless
in_small_stages bit-by-bit
piecemeal bit-by-bit
step-by-step bit-by-bit
stepwise bit-by-bit
gradatory gradational
graduated gradational
jerky choppy
gentle easy
precipitous abrupt
sharp abrupt
bold bluff
sheer bluff
well-formed grammatical
ill-formed ungrammatical
thankful grateful
thankless ungrateful
unthankful ungrateful
haploidic haploid
monoploid haploid
halcyon golden
prosperous golden
riant laughing
suffering miserable
wretched miserable
sorry regretful
bad regretful
unregretting unregretful
hornlike corneous
horny corneous
erect tumid
solid firm
granitelike granitic
rocklike granitic
stony granitic
set hardened
stonelike petrous
fleecy brushed
napped brushed
squeezable compressible
cushiony cushioned
padded cushioned
emollient demulcent
salving demulcent
softening demulcent
downlike downy
flossy downy
fluffy downy
woolly flocculent
wooly flocculent
semisoft softish
squashy spongy
squishy spongy
spongelike spongy
velvety velvet
calculative calculating
conniving calculating
scheming calculating
shrewd calculating
hardened case-hardened
hard-boiled case-hardened
continuant fricative
sibilant fricative
spirant fricative
strident fricative
palatalized palatal
palatalised palatal
concentrated hard
diffuse soft
diffused soft
heartless hardhearted
flint flinty
granitic flinty
obdurate flinty
stony flinty
soft-boiled softhearted
strong hard
intoxicating intoxicant
spiritous spirituous
innocuous innocent
hurtful deleterious
injurious deleterious
calumnious calumniatory
defamatory calumniatory
denigrative calumniatory
denigrating calumniatory
denigratory calumniatory
libellous calumniatory
libelous calumniatory
slanderous calumniatory
ruinous catastrophic
detrimental damaging
prejudicial damaging
prejudicious damaging
pernicious insidious
subtle insidious
wounding stabbing
harmonic consonant
harmonical consonant
harmonized consonant
harmonised consonant
sympathetic harmonic
true on-key
symphonious symphonic
unharmonious inharmonious
disharmonious discordant
dissonant discordant
inharmonic discordant
off-key false
sour false
dissonant unresolved
anthelminthic anthelmintic
helminthic anthelmintic
parasiticidal anthelmintic
antimicrobic antimicrobial
flatus-relieving carminative
psychotherapeutic cathartic
healing curative
alterative curative
remedial curative
sanative curative
therapeutic curative
salutary good
medicinal medicative
preventative preventive
prophylactic preventive
restorative recuperative
disabling crippling
incapacitating crippling
morbific infective
pathogenic infective
unmedicative unmedicinal
unmedical unmedicinal
nonmedicinal unmedicinal
operative surgical
rose-cheeked flushed
rosy flushed
rosy-cheeked flushed
sound good
whole hale
full-blooded hearty
lusty hearty
red-blooded hearty
ruddy rubicund
florid rubicund
sanguine rubicund
creaky arthritic
rheumatic arthritic
rheumatoid arthritic
rheumy arthritic
wheezing asthmatic
wheezy asthmatic
unfit bad
unsound bad
blistery blebby
intumescent puffy
tumescent puffy
tumid puffy
turgid puffy
ulcerated cankerous
ulcerous cankerous
carbuncular carbuncled
flatulent colicky
gassy colicky
morbid diseased
pathologic diseased
pathological diseased
dropsical edematous
foamy foaming
frothing foaming
mortified gangrenous
ingrown ingrowing
icteric jaundiced
yellow jaundiced
membrane-forming membranous
pro-inflammatory proinflammatory
sickly sallow
sunburnt sunburned
windburnt windburned
ambrosian ambrosial
ethereal celestial
supernal celestial
godly divine
godlike divine
paradisiac paradisiacal
paradisaical paradisiacal
paradisaic paradisiacal
paradisal paradisiacal
divine providential
translunary translunar
superlunar translunar
superlunary translunar
terrene mundane
sublunary sublunar
terrestrial sublunar
decapitated beheaded
soggy doughy
floaty buoyant
onerous burdensome
taxing burdensome
distressful distressing
disturbing distressing
perturbing distressing
troubling distressing
worrisome distressing
worrying distressing
weighted leaden
casual fooling
gentle easy
soft easy
lightsome light
tripping light
lumbering heavy
ponderous heavy
lightly-armed light-armed
unheeding heedless
regardless careless
indifferent deaf
attentive heedful
thoughtful heedful
paying_attention heedful
sanctioning sanctionative
disqualifying disabling
instrumental implemental
subservient implemental
laboursaving laborsaving
reformatory reformative
stabilising stabilizing
heterogenous heterogeneous
miscellaneous assorted
mixed assorted
motley assorted
sundry assorted
nonuniform inhomogeneous
homogenous homogeneous
uniform consistent
self-colored solid
self-coloured solid
homogenised homogenized
queer gay
homophile gay
sapphic lesbian
paederastic pederastic
transgendered transgender
transvestite transvestic
hierarchal hierarchical
hierarchic hierarchical
stratified class-conscious
ranked graded
stratified graded
nonhierarchic nonhierarchical
unordered ungraded
unranked ungraded
dominating commanding
overlooking commanding
lofty eminent
soaring eminent
towering eminent
high-altitude high-level
high-stepping high-stepped
high-topped high-top
flat-growing low-growing
ground-hugging low-growing
low-altitude low-level
low-set lowset
under nether
underslung squat
lifted upraised
hi-tech high-tech
sophisticated advanced
low-cut decollete
low-necked decollete
full broad
postgraduate graduate
utmost last
devalued debased
degraded debased
down depressed
rock-bottom reduced
high-pitched high
pinched adenoidal
nasal adenoidal
alto countertenor
spiky peaky
sharp shrill
screechy screaky
squeaking screaky
squeaky screaky
squealing screaky
treble soprano
low-pitched low
contralto alto
deep bass
double-bass contrabass
apelike apish
imitative echoic
onomatopoeic echoic
onomatopoeical echoic
onomatopoetic echoic
multistorey multistory
multistoried multistory
storeyed storied
highland upland
subalpine alpestrine
sea-level low-lying
homological homologic
heterologic heterologous
heterological heterologous
honorable honest
dishonorable dishonest
deceitful ambidextrous
double-dealing ambidextrous
duplicitous ambidextrous
Janus-faced ambidextrous
two-faced ambidextrous
double-faced ambidextrous
double-tongued ambidextrous
fallacious deceitful
fraudulent deceitful
misleading deceptive
shoddy deceptive
roguish rascally
scoundrelly rascally
blackguardly rascally
thievish thieving
true truthful
honourable honorable
revered august
venerable august
time-honoured time-honored
dishonourable dishonorable
disgraceful black
ignominious black
inglorious black
opprobrious black
shameful black
degrading debasing
anticipative anticipant
expectant anticipant
unhopeful abject
bleak black
dim black
desperate despairing
heartsick despondent
lost helpless
institutionalised institutionalized
noninstitutionalised noninstitutionalized
institutionalised institutionalized
disconsolate inconsolable
unconsolable inconsolable
swimming naiant
perpendicular vertical
unsloped upright
canted atilt
leaning atilt
tilted atilt
tipped atilt
aslope aslant
diagonal aslant
slanted aslant
slanting aslant
sloped aslant
sloping aslant
skewed skew
vertical erect
upright erect
rearing rampant
unbent straight
unbowed straight
decumbent accumbent
recumbent accumbent
bent bended
drooping cernuous
nodding cernuous
pendulous cernuous
weeping cernuous
sleeping dormant
prostrate flat
round-backed hunched
round-shouldered hunched
stooped hunched
stooping hunched
crooked hunched
prostrate prone
resupine supine
sitting seated
pouring gushing
spouting jetting
spurting jetting
squirting jetting
stagnant dead
pass passing
genial kind
barren bare
bleak bare
desolate bare
stark bare
waste godforsaken
wild godforsaken
uncongenial hostile
unfriendly hostile
belligerent aggressive
antipathetic antagonistic
antipathetical antagonistic
opposing opponent
inimical unfriendly
favorable friendly
well-disposed friendly
unthreatening well-meaning
baking_hot baking
blistery blistering
warming calefacient
calefactive calefactory
fervid fervent
igneous fiery
heated_up heated
het heated
het_up heated
stifling sultry
sulfurous sultry
sulphurous sultry
sweltry sweltering
tropic tropical
white-hot white
frigid arctic
gelid arctic
glacial arctic
icy arctic
polar arctic
cutting bleak
raw bleak
parky chilly
frosty crisp
nipping crisp
nippy crisp
snappy crisp
rimed frosty
rimy frosty
refrigerating refrigerant
unwarmed unheated
early-flowering spring-flowering
spring-blooming spring-flowering
early-blooming spring-flowering
late-spring-blooming spring-flowering
estival aestival
summer-blooming summer-flowering
autumn-blooming autumn-flowering
fall-flowering autumn-flowering
fall-blooming autumn-flowering
late-flowering autumn-flowering
late-blooming autumn-flowering
wintery wintry
hibernal brumal
hiemal brumal
winter-flowering winter-blooming
flaming fiery
sizzling red-hot
sultry sensual
passionless emotionless
frosty frigid
frozen frigid
glacial frigid
icy frigid
wintry frigid
manlike anthropoid
anthropomorphous anthropomorphic
humanlike anthropomorphic
frail fallible
imperfect fallible
weak fallible
hominid hominian
anthropoidal anthropoid
apelike anthropoid
dehumanised dehumanized
unhuman dehumanized
godlike divine
powerful herculean
human-centred human-centered
humanist human-centered
humanistic human-centered
humanitarian human-centered
brutal barbarous
cruel barbarous
fell barbarous
roughshod barbarous
savage barbarous
vicious barbarous
bestial beastly
brute beastly
brutish beastly
brutal beastly
cold-blooded cold
inhuman cold
insensate cold
unkind pitiless
humourous humorous
facetious bantering
tongue-in-cheek bantering
clownish buffoonish
clownlike buffoonish
zany buffoonish
comic amusing
comical amusing
funny amusing
laughable amusing
mirthful amusing
risible amusing
ironic dry
ironical dry
wry dry
ludicrous farcical
ridiculous farcical
screaming hilarious
uproarious hilarious
jocose jesting
jocular jesting
joking jesting
sidesplitting killing
seriocomical seriocomic
tragicomical tragicomic
humourless humorless
unhumorous humorless
empty-bellied empty
ravenous famished
sharp-set famished
starved famished
esurient famished
quick flying
fast flying
headlong hasty
overhasty hasty
precipitate hasty
precipitant hasty
precipitous hasty
pell-mell helter-skelter
rushed rush
deliberate careful
measured careful
easygoing easy
leisurely easy
distinctive classifiable
recognisable recognizable
placeable recognizable
unrecognisable unrecognizable
subjective immanent
transient transeunt
dickey dicky
lessened diminished
vitiated diminished
weakened diminished
dyslexic dyslectic
of_import important
all_important all-important
crucial all-important
essential all-important
of_the_essence all-important
central cardinal
fundamental cardinal
key cardinal
primal cardinal
main chief
primary chief
principal chief
master chief
eventful consequential
grievous grave
heavy grave
weighty grave
outstanding great
inconsequential inconsequent
indifferent immaterial
footling fiddling
lilliputian fiddling
little fiddling
niggling fiddling
piddling fiddling
piffling fiddling
petty fiddling
picayune fiddling
trivial fiddling
small-time nickel-and-dime
awe-inspiring amazing
awesome amazing
awful amazing
awing amazing
sensational arresting
stunning arresting
astounding astonishing
staggering astonishing
stupefying astonishing
imposing baronial
noble baronial
stately baronial
eye-popping dazzling
fulgurant dazzling
fulgurous dazzling
spectacular dramatic
striking dramatic
grand expansive
heroic expansive
lofty gallant
majestic gallant
proud gallant
glorious brilliant
magnificent brilliant
splendid brilliant
perceptible detectable
evident discernible
observable discernible
pronounced marked
undistinguished insignificant
reinforced built
ungraded dirt
disposed apt
given apt
minded apt
tending apt
partial fond
antipathetical antipathetic
averse antipathetic
indisposed antipathetic
loath antipathetic
loth antipathetic
inward inbound
next future
succeeding future
influent inflowing
outward outbound
outward-bound outbound
outflowing effluent
preceding past
retiring past
inferential illative
effete decadent
betting dissipated
card-playing dissipated
sporting dissipated
luxurious epicurean
luxuriant epicurean
sybaritic epicurean
voluptuary epicurean
voluptuous epicurean
hedonistic hedonic
epicurean hedonic
hard intemperate
heavy intemperate
strict nonindulgent
stern austere
puritanic blue
puritanical blue
disciplinary corrective
disciplinal corrective
renunciative renunciant
self-abnegating renunciant
self-denying renunciant
self-restraining self-disciplined
spartan severe
highly-developed developed
industrialised industrialized
underdeveloped developing
unindustrialised unindustrialized
communicable catching
contagious catching
contractable catching
transmissible catching
transmittable catching
contaminating corrupting
noncontagious noncommunicable
nontransmissible noncommunicable
chthonic chthonian
nether chthonian
Plutonian hadean
Tartarean hadean
informatory informative
consultative advisory
consultatory advisory
consultive advisory
illustrative exemplifying
telling revealing
telltale revealing
agnostical agnostic
unbelieving nescient
au_courant abreast
au_fait abreast
up_on abreast
familiar conversant
enlightened educated
hip hep
hip_to hep
wise knowing
wise_to knowing
knowing knowledgeable
unknowledgeable ignorant
unknowing ignorant
unwitting ignorant
unacquainted innocent
unenlightened uninstructed
naive uninstructed
artless ingenuous
open candid
heart-to-heart candid
artful disingenuous
misrepresented distorted
perverted distorted
twisted distorted
colonised colonized
settled colonized
tenanted occupied
thickly_settled populous
derelict abandoned
deserted abandoned
untenanted unoccupied
unpopulated unpeopled
solitary lonely
unfrequented lonely
heritable inheritable
hereditary ancestral
patrimonial ancestral
transmissible ancestral
genetic familial
hereditary familial
inherited familial
transmitted familial
transmissible familial
nonheritable noninheritable
inborn congenital
innate congenital
nontransmissible nonhereditary
repressed pent-up
stifled smothered
strangled smothered
suppressed smothered
livid black-and-blue
dislocated disjointed
separated disjointed
wounded hurt
lacerated lacerate
mangled lacerate
torn lacerate
inviolate intact
unhurt unharmed
unscathed unharmed
whole unharmed
guiltless innocent
clean-handed innocent
clear absolved
cleared absolved
exculpated absolved
exonerated absolved
vindicated absolved
not_guilty acquitted
inculpable blameless
irreproachable blameless
unimpeachable blameless
blamable blameworthy
blameable blameworthy
blameful blameworthy
censurable blameworthy
culpable blameworthy
indictable chargeable
fineable finable
exalting ennobling
informative instructive
elucidative clarifying
illustrative demonstrative
didactical didactic
expositive expository
interpretive interpretative
enlightening edifying
unenlightening unedifying
informative enlightening
illuminating enlightening
unilluminating unenlightening
coeducational co-ed
nonsegregated desegrated
unsegregated desegrated
mixed interracial
unintegrated segregated
quarantined isolated
lily-white white
co-ordinated coordinated
interconnected coordinated
unified coordinated
tightly_knit tight-knit
unintegrated nonintegrated
homogenised homogenized
unhomogenised unhomogenized
sorbed occluded
unmixed uncompounded
combinatory combinative
combinatorial combinative
unifying consolidative
endogenetic endogenic
highbrowed highbrow
serious good
philistine anti-intellectual
lowbrowed lowbrow
uncultivated lowbrow
nimble agile
clever apt
brilliant brainy
smart_as_a_whip brainy
smart bright
born natural
innate natural
ready quick
trenchant searching
stupid unintelligent
headless brainless
thick slurred
witting conscious
calculated deliberate
measured deliberate
knowing intentional
well-meaning well-intentioned
well-meant well-intentioned
inadvertent accidental
fortuitous causeless
uncaused causeless
unplanned unintentional
unwitting unintentional
intentional designed
exacerbating aggravating
exasperating aggravating
enhancive augmentative
thickening deepening
alleviatory alleviative
lenitive alleviative
mitigative alleviative
mitigatory alleviative
palliative alleviative
analgetic analgesic
anodyne analgesic
interspecific interspecies
intraspecific intraspecies
indifferent apathetic
bored blase
benumbed dulled
engrossing absorbing
fascinating absorbing
gripping absorbing
riveting absorbing
amusive amusing
diverting amusing
deadening boring
dull boring
ho-hum boring
irksome boring
slow boring
tedious boring
tiresome boring
wearisome boring
jejune insipid
soporiferous narcotic
soporific narcotic
prosaic pedestrian
prosy pedestrian
earthbound pedestrian
intragroup internal
interschool interscholastic
intrinsical intrinsic
constitutional built-in
inbuilt built-in
inherent built-in
integral built-in
internal inner
intimate inner
foreign alien
extraneous external
outside external
introverted introspective
self-examining introspective
extroverted extrospective
introvertive introversive
shut-in introvertish
extraversive extroversive
extravert extrovert
extroverted extrovert
extraverted extrovert
extrovertive extrovert
extravertive extrovert
invasive encroaching
trespassing encroaching
meddlesome interfering
meddling interfering
officious interfering
busy interfering
busybodied interfering
not_intrusive unintrusive
beetling beetle
bellying bellied
bulbous bellied
bulging bellied
bulgy bellied
protuberant bellied
projected jutting
projecting jutting
protruding jutting
relieved jutting
sticking jutting
sticking_out jutting
undershot underhung
underslung underhung
ventricous ventricose
eruptive igneous
sedimentary aqueous
plutonic irruptive
fast-growing aggressive
strong-growing aggressive
enlivening animating
brisk bracing
fresh bracing
refreshing bracing
refreshful bracing
tonic bracing
stimulating exhilarating
vitalizing life-giving
restorative renewing
reviving renewing
revitalizing renewing
revitalising renewing
enervating debilitative
enfeebling debilitative
weakening debilitative
exhausting draining
tantalising tantalizing
tempting tantalizing
tantalising tantalizing
untempting unattractive
ex_vivo in_vitro
smoothened smoothed
wrinkled unironed
permanent-press drip-dry
wrinkly wrinkled
wrinkleless unwrinkled
isotropous isotropic
eolotropic aeolotropic
mournful doleful
melancholic melancholy
wistful pensive
tragical tragic
tragicomical tragicomic
tormented anguished
tortured anguished
bereft bereaved
grief-stricken bereaved
grieving bereaved
mourning bereaved
sorrowing bereaved
heartbroken brokenhearted
heartsick brokenhearted
dolourous dolorous
lachrymose dolorous
tearful dolorous
weeping dolorous
heartbreaking grievous
heartrending grievous
wailing lamenting
wailful lamenting
plaintive mournful
woeful woebegone
enraptured ecstatic
rapturous ecstatic
rapt ecstatic
rhapsodic ecstatic
gleeful elated
joyful elated
jubilant elated
festal gay
festive gay
merry gay
jocund gay
jolly gay
jovial gay
merry gay
mirthful gay
sepulchral funereal
succulent lush
meet fitting
retributory retributive
vindicatory retributive
deserved merited
gracious benignant
benevolent charitable
kindly charitable
sympathetic charitable
good-hearted charitable
openhearted charitable
large-hearted charitable
kind-hearted kindhearted
edged cutting
stinging cutting
rough harsh
unsympathetic unkindly
cognizable knowable
cognisable knowable
cognoscible knowable
famed celebrated
far-famed celebrated
famous celebrated
illustrious celebrated
notable celebrated
noted celebrated
renowned celebrated
uncharted chartless
unmapped chartless
unbeknownst unbeknown
unexplored undiscovered
apprehended appreciated
comprehended appreciated
taken interpreted
labelled labeled
tagged labeled
unlabelled unlabeled
untagged unlabeled
unmourned unlamented
seafaring oceangoing
seagoing oceangoing
overseas oversea
subocean suboceanic
laurelled laureled
crowned laureled
unlaurelled unlaureled
big large
sizable ample
sizeable ample
astronomical astronomic
galactic astronomic
larger bigger
largish biggish
enlarged blown-up
puffy bouffant
spacious broad
wide broad
prodigious colossal
stupendous colossal
tremendous enormous
gargantuan elephantine
giant elephantine
jumbo elephantine
heroic epic
larger-than-life epic
extended extensive
mammoth gigantic
immense huge
vast huge
Brobdingnagian huge
hulky hulking
banging humongous
thumping humongous
whopping humongous
walloping humongous
king-sized king-size
lifesize life-size
life-sized life-size
full-size life-size
macroscopical macroscopic
monolithic massive
monumental massive
outsized outsize
oversize outsize
oversized outsize
too_large overlarge
queen-sized queen-size
little small
diminutive bantam
lilliputian bantam
midget bantam
petite bantam
tiny bantam
flyspeck bantam
bittie bitty
teensy bitty
teentsy bitty
teeny bitty
wee bitty
weeny bitty
weensy bitty
teensy-weensy bitty
teeny-weeny bitty
itty-bitty bitty
itsy-bitsy bitty
elflike elfin
minute infinitesimal
microscopical microscopic
miniscule minuscule
pocket-sized pocket-size
pocketable pocket-size
runty puny
shrimpy puny
slim slender
littler smaller
undersized undersize
observant law-abiding
outlaw lawless
lawless wide-open
antiknocking antiknock
leadless unleaded
nonleaded lead-free
draughty drafty
oozy oozing
seeping oozing
porous holey
air-tight airtight
gas-tight airtight
waterproof rainproof
waterproofed rainproof
stopped-up chinked
unraised unleavened
lee downwind
weather upwind
juristic jural
legitimate lawful
licit lawful
sanctioned ratified
prohibited banned
black bootleg
black-market bootleg
contraband bootleg
smuggled bootleg
felonious criminal
ill-gotten dirty
misappropriated embezzled
nonlegal extralegal
illicit illegitimate
outlaw illegitimate
outlawed illegitimate
unlawful illegitimate
mislabeled misbranded
punishable penal
fair clean
decipherable clear
readable clear
foul dirty
marked-up dirty
unclear indecipherable
undecipherable indecipherable
unreadable indecipherable
surrogate foster
left-handed morganatic
lawful true
rightful true
baseborn base
misbegot bastardly
misbegotten bastardly
spurious bastardly
wrongful unlawful
leptorhine leptorrhine
leptorrhinian leptorrhine
leptorrhinic leptorrhine
catarrhinian catarrhine
platyrrhinian platyrrhine
platyrhine platyrrhine
platyrhinian platyrrhine
platyrrhinic platyrrhine
broadnosed platyrrhine
similar like
dissimilar unlike
different unlike
similar alike
like alike
dissimilar unalike
same like
liable apt
implausible farfetched
remote outside
likely probable
unlikely improbable
modest minor
small minor
small-scale minor
pocket-size minor
pocket-sized minor
limitless unlimited
untrammelled untrammeled
direct lineal
matrilinear matrilineal
patrilinear patrilineal
indirect collateral
additive linear
otc over-the-counter
explicit denotative
nonliteral figurative
metaphoric metaphorical
metonymical metonymic
synecdochical synecdochic
unlettered analphabetic
unrecorded live
untaped unfilmed
transcribed canned
tape-recorded taped
liveable livable
inhabitable habitable
unliveable unlivable
unexploded undischarged
localised localized
pestilential pestilent
pestiferous pestilent
plaguey pestilent
endemical endemic
discursive dianoetic
unlogical illogical
nonrational intuitive
visceral intuitive
spread outspread
elongated elongate
extended elongated
lengthened elongated
prolonged elongated
extendable extendible
pole-handled long-handled
long-wooled long-wool
sesquipedalian polysyllabic
brief abbreviated
sawn-off sawed-off
shortened sawed-off
shortened telescoped
truncated truncate
continuing chronic
extended drawn-out
lengthy drawn-out
prolonged drawn-out
protracted drawn-out
lasting durable
long-lasting durable
long-lived durable
eternal endless
interminable endless
womb-to-tomb lifelong
long-term long-run
semipermanent long-run
all-night nightlong
overnight nightlong
seven-day weeklong
shortened abbreviated
truncated abbreviated
fugitive fleeting
momentaneous fleeting
momentary fleeting
short-term short-run
lengthways lengthwise
running linear
transverse cross
transversal cross
thwartwise cross
cross-sectional cross-section
loose-fitting baggy
sloppy baggy
clinched clenched
snug close
close-fitting close
skin-tight skintight
tightfitting tight-fitting
tight_fitting tight-fitting
tightly_fitting tight-fitting
skinny tight-fitting
stenotic stenosed
misplaced mislaid
wasted squandered
damned cursed
doomed cursed
unredeemed cursed
unsaved cursed
ruined destroyed
reclaimed rescued
redeemed ransomed
forfeit confiscate
forfeited confiscate
blasting blaring
earsplitting deafening
thunderous deafening
thundery deafening
yelled shouted
muffled dull
muted dull
softened dull
muted hushed
subdued hushed
quiet hushed
small little
low-toned low
susurrant murmuring
whispering murmuring
rustling murmurous
soughing murmurous
susurrous murmurous
stentorian booming
rumbling grumbling
rotund orotund
round orotund
pear-shaped orotund
sonorous heavy
soft piano
loud forte
loveable lovable
endearing adorable
lovely adorable
angelical angelic
cherubic angelic
seraphic angelic
sweet angelic
cuddly cuddlesome
detestable abominable
execrable abominable
odious abominable
likeable likable
unlikeable unlikable
idolized adored
idolised adored
worshipped adored
darling beloved
dear beloved
fair-haired blue-eyed
white-haired blue-eyed
precious cherished
treasured cherished
wanted cherished
favorite favored
favourite favored
best-loved favored
pet favored
preferred favored
preferent favored
estranged alienated
lovelorn bereft
unbeloved bereft
detested despised
hated despised
scorned despised
rejected jilted
spurned jilted
doting adoring
fond adoring
fond affectionate
lovesome affectionate
tender affectionate
warm affectionate
amorous amative
amorous amatory
romantic amatory
charmed captivated
infatuated enamored
in_love enamored
potty enamored
smitten enamored
soft_on enamored
taken_with enamored
loverly loverlike
frigid cold
unaffectionate detached
uncaring detached
minuscule little
small little
great capital
majuscule capital
luckless unlucky
jinxed hexed
magnetized magnetic
magnetised magnetic
geographical geographic
nonaged minor
underage minor
prima leading
star leading
starring leading
stellar leading
peanut insignificant
minuscular minuscule
governable controllable
dirigible steerable
difficult unmanageable
uncontrollable indocile
ungovernable indocile
unruly indocile
manful manly
manlike manly
unmanful unmanly
unmanlike unmanly
emasculate effeminate
epicene effeminate
cissy effeminate
sissified effeminate
sissyish effeminate
sissy effeminate
staminate antheral
priapic phallic
young-bearing egg-producing
epicene bisexual
gynandromorphous gynandromorphic
hermaphrodite hermaphroditic
pseudohermaphrodite pseudohermaphroditic
remote-controlled unmanned
starred asterisked
unstarred unasterisked
united joined
wedded wed
single unmarried
unwedded unwed
macho butch
manful male
manlike male
manly male
virile male
distaff female
maidenly maidenlike
feminine womanly
tomboyish hoydenish
co-ordinated coordinated
matching coordinated
matching duplicate
twin duplicate
twinned duplicate
paired mated
incompatible ill-sorted
mismated ill-sorted
unsuited ill-sorted
unmatched odd
unmated odd
unpaired odd
big adult
full-grown adult
fully_grown adult
grown adult
grownup adult
efflorescent abloom
matured full-blown
nubile marriageable
meridian prime
embryologic embryonic
embryonal embryonic
prepubertal prepubescent
mellowed mellow
jejune adolescent
juvenile adolescent
puerile adolescent
infantile childish
mature ripe
ripened aged
mellowed mellow
unripe green
unripened green
immature green
year-around year-round
maximum maximal
minimum minimal
marginal borderline
token nominal
tokenish nominal
stripped-down stripped
substantive meaty
pregnant meaning
significant meaning
nonmeaningful meaningless
hollow empty
vacuous empty
nonsensical nonsense
mensurable measurable
unmeasurable immeasurable
immensurable immeasurable
unmeasured immeasurable
limitless illimitable
measureless illimitable
automatonlike automatic
machinelike automatic
robotlike automatic
robotic automatic
mechanised mechanized
unmechanised unmechanized
melodic melodious
musical melodious
songlike ariose
songful canorous
singing cantabile
honeyed dulcet
mellifluous dulcet
mellisonant dulcet
sweet dulcet
unmelodic unmelodious
unmusical unmelodious
melodious tuneful
untuneful tuneless
unmelodious tuneless
3-membered three-membered
4-membered four-membered
5-membered five-membered
6-membered six-membered
7-membered seven-membered
8-membered eight-membered
9-membered nine-membered
10-membered ten-membered
nonmusical unmusical
nonmusical unmusical
liquid melted
liquified melted
liquefied molten
liquified molten
unmerciful merciless
fierce cutthroat
bowelless cutthroat
remorseless pitiless
ruthless pitiless
unpitying pitiless
metabolous metabolic
ametabolous ametabolic
soft gentle
temperate moderate
big bad
unrelenting brutal
overwhelming consuming
keen exquisite
utmost extreme
uttermost extreme
tearing fierce
vehement fierce
violent fierce
trigger-happy fierce
terrible severe
wicked severe
deep thick
wild violent
participating active
interested concerned
entangled embroiled
concerned implicated
up_to_my_neck neck-deep
up_to_your_neck neck-deep
up_to_her_neck neck-deep
up_to_his_neck neck-deep
up_to_our_necks neck-deep
up_to_their_necks neck-deep
soldierlike soldierly
warriorlike soldierly
martial soldierly
martial warlike
nonmilitary unmilitary
eased alleviated
relieved alleviated
satisfied quenched
slaked quenched
complete arrant
consummate arrant
double-dyed arrant
everlasting arrant
gross arrant
perfect arrant
pure arrant
sodding arrant
stark arrant
staring arrant
thoroughgoing arrant
utter arrant
unadulterated arrant
blinking bally
bloody bally
blooming bally
crashing bally
flaming bally
fucking bally
unrelieved undiminished
treated tempered
hardened tempered
toughened tempered
unhardened untempered
unannealed brittle
ambulatory ambulant
manoeuvrable maneuverable
mechanised mechanized
motorized mechanized
moveable movable
transferable movable
transferrable movable
transportable movable
raiseable raisable
immoveable immovable
stabile immovable
unmovable immovable
immotile nonmotile
take-away takeout
extractible extractable
metal metallic
gold-bearing auriferous
bimetallic bimetal
golden gold
gilded gold
metal-looking metallike
metallic-looking metallike
nonmetal nonmetallic
hemimetabolic hemimetabolous
hemimetamorphous hemimetabolous
hemimetamorphic hemimetabolous
heterometabolic heterometabolous
holometabolous holometabolic
intermediate average
medium average
conservative cautious
fairish fair
reasonable fair
small modest
overdone exaggerated
overstated exaggerated
inordinate excessive
undue excessive
unreasonable excessive
extortionate exorbitant
outrageous exorbitant
steep exorbitant
unconscionable exorbitant
usurious exorbitant
over-the-top extraordinary
sinful extraordinary
radical extremist
ultra extremist
modern-day contemporary
redbrick red-brick
mediaeval medieval
gothic medieval
demure coy
overmodest coy
unassuming retiring
uppity overweening
altered adapted
qualified restricted
monotone flat
monotonic flat
monotonous flat
monecious monoecious
monoicous monoecious
polyoicous heteroicous
polygamous heteroicous
synoecious synoicous
dioecian dioecious
monodical monodic
contrapuntal polyphonic
monogynic monogynous
univalent monovalent
multivalent polyvalent
double bivalent
monotone monotonic
clean-living clean
degenerate debauched
degraded debauched
dissipated debauched
dissolute debauched
libertine debauched
profligate debauched
riotous debauched
fast debauched
scandalous disgraceful
shameful disgraceful
shocking disgraceful
extramarital adulterous
extracurricular adulterous
many_an many_a
many_another many_a
legion numerous
umteen umpteen
a_couple_of a_few
slight little
more_than more
unfading amaranthine
undying deathless
impelled driven
reasonless causeless
unprovoked motiveless
wanton motiveless
motorised motorized
motored motorized
unmotorised unmotorized
motorless unmotorized
affected moved
stirred moved
touched moved
unaffected unmoved
untouched unmoved
poignant affecting
touching affecting
soul-stirring stirring
ahorseback ahorse
self-propelled automotive
self-propelling automotive
flying fast-flying
flaring aflare
wriggling wiggly
wriggly wiggly
writhing wiggly
unmoving nonmoving
motionless inactive
static inactive
still inactive
set fixed
rigid fixed
rooted frozen
stock-still frozen
cut mown
uncut unmown
seamanly seamanlike
landlubberly lubberly
world-wide worldwide
nationalistic nationalist
planetary global
world global
worldwide global
world-wide global
internationalistic internationalist
transnational multinational
uncolored unbleached
undyed unbleached
unreal artificial
staged arranged
colored bleached
coloured bleached
dyed bleached
unlifelike cardboard
synthetic celluloid
conventionalised conventionalized
stylized conventionalized
stylised conventionalized
substitute ersatz
false fake
faux fake
imitation fake
simulated fake
semisynthetic man-made
synthetic man-made
ghostlike apparitional
ghostly apparitional
phantasmal apparitional
spectral apparitional
spiritual apparitional
weird eldritch
uncanny eldritch
unearthly eldritch
fey elfin
magic charming
magical charming
sorcerous charming
witching charming
wizard charming
wizardly charming
marvellous marvelous
miraculous marvelous
otherworldly nonnatural
preternatural nonnatural
transcendental nonnatural
last final
net final
indispensable essential
needful needed
required needed
requisite needed
unneeded unnecessary
extra excess
redundant excess
spare excess
supererogatory excess
superfluous excess
supernumerary excess
surplus excess
needless gratuitous
uncalled-for gratuitous
nett net
psychoneurotic neurotic
aboulic abulic
maladjusted disturbed
hypochondriacal hypochondriac
hysterical hysteric
megalomanic megalomaniacal
nymphomaniac nymphomaniacal
obsessive obsessional
awful nasty
filthy dirty
lousy dirty
mean hateful
ennobling dignifying
elevated exalted
sublime exalted
grand exalted
high-flown exalted
high-minded exalted
lofty exalted
rarefied exalted
rarified exalted
idealistic exalted
noble-minded exalted
magnanimous greathearted
mean base
meanspirited base
aristocratical aristocratic
blue aristocratic
blue-blooded aristocratic
gentle aristocratic
patrician aristocratic
grand august
lordly august
highborn coroneted
titled coroneted
majestic imperial
purple imperial
regal imperial
royal imperial
kinglike kingly
monarchical monarchal
queenlike queenly
baseborn base
humble base
lowly base
plebeian common
vulgar common
unwashed common
ungentle ignoble
untitled ignoble
mean average
average median
average modal
unnatural abnormal
deviant aberrant
deviate aberrant
irregular atypical
brachydactylous brachydactylic
perverted kinky
psychical psychic
supranormal supernormal
northward northbound
northern northerly
northern northerly
northmost northernmost
northeasterly northeastern
northeast northeastern
northeast northeasterly
northwesterly northwestern
northwest northwestern
northwest northwesterly
southward southbound
southern southerly
southern southerly
southmost southernmost
southeastern southeast
southeasterly southeast
southeast southeasterly
southwestern southwest
southwesterly southwest
southwest southwesterly
circumboreal boreal
Federal union
gray grey
pug-nose pug-nosed
short-nosed pug-nosed
snub-nosed pug-nosed
forgotten disregarded
neglected ignored
unheeded ignored
unmarked overlooked
unnoted overlooked
unremarked unperceived
perceived sensed
unseen unobserved
discovered ascertained
observed ascertained
deadly baneful
pernicious baneful
pestilent baneful
degrading corrupting
vesicant vesicatory
biddable acquiescent
duteous dutiful
obstinate contrary
perverse contrary
wayward contrary
refractory fractious
recalcitrant fractious
headstrong froward
self-willed froward
willful froward
wilful froward
noticeable obtrusive
unnoticeable unobtrusive
nonsubjective objective
neutral impersonal
unverifiable unobjective
obliged duty-bound
evident apparent
manifest apparent
patent apparent
plain apparent
unmistakable apparent
self-evident axiomatic
taken_for_granted axiomatic
provable demonstrable
barred barricaded
blockaded barricaded
plugged blocked
clogged choked
stalemated deadlocked
stopped-up stopped
stopped_up stopped
open clear
engaged busy
in_use busy
free spare
detestable abhorrent
obscene abhorrent
repugnant abhorrent
repulsive abhorrent
ghastly charnel
sepulchral charnel
disgustful disgusting
distasteful disgusting
foul disgusting
loathly disgusting
loathsome disgusting
repellent disgusting
repellant disgusting
repelling disgusting
revolting disgusting
skanky disgusting
wicked disgusting
yucky disgusting
morbid ghoulish
horrid hideous
horrific hideous
outrageous hideous
obnoxious objectionable
unobjectionable innocuous
savoury savory
unsavoury unsavory
offensive unsavory
opprobrious abusive
scurrilous abusive
unoffending inoffensive
offenceless offenseless
attacking assaultive
tip-and-run hit-and-run
invading incursive
invasive incursive
predatory marauding
raiding marauding
violative offensive
excusatory apologetic
justificative defensive
justificatory defensive
authorized authoritative
authorised authoritative
formalised formalized
summary drumhead
loose informal
unauthorised unauthorized
wildcat unauthorized
constituted established
deep-seated deep-rooted
implanted deep-rooted
ingrained deep-rooted
planted deep-rooted
well-grooved grooved
recognised recognized
self-established self-constituted
unrecognised unrecognized
learned conditioned
innate unconditioned
unlearned unconditioned
on-the-scene on-the-spot
antique age-old
antiquated antediluvian
archaic antediluvian
hand-down hand-me-down
rusty hoary
used secondhand
yellowed yellow
bran-new brand-new
spic-and-span brand-new
spick-and-span brand-new
red-hot hot
new-sprung newborn
refreshing novel
parvenue parvenu
radical revolutionary
untried untested
elderly aged
older aged
senior aged
of_age aged
ageing aging
senescent aging
doddery doddering
gaga doddering
senile doddering
gray grey
grey-haired grey
gray-haired grey
grey-headed grey
gray-headed grey
grizzly grey
hoar grey
hoary grey
white-haired grey
overaged overage
superannuated overage
over-the-hill overage
immature young
teen adolescent
teenage adolescent
teenaged adolescent
boylike boyish
schoolboyish boyish
childly childlike
schoolgirlish girlish
small little
preadolescent preteen
puppylike puppyish
vernal youthful
young youthful
online on-line
connected machine-accessible
online on-line
cancelled off
offsides offside
unfastened open
unopen shut
closed shut
out_of_use blocked
opened open
gaping agape
staring agaze
wide wide-eyed
shut closed
winking blinking
tight compressed
squinting squinched
boxed-in boxed
boxed_in boxed
capsulated capsulate
closed_in closed
encircled surrounded
hypethral hypaethral
broached abroach
combat-ready active
fighting active
inactive nonoperational
right good
ripe good
seasonable timely
well-timed timely
well_timed timely
unseasonable ill-timed
untimely ill-timed
wrong ill-timed
apposable opposable
paired opposite
pollyannaish cheerful
upbeat cheerful
rosy rose-colored
demoralised demoralized
discouraged demoralized
disheartened demoralized
rambunctious boisterous
robustious boisterous
rumbustious boisterous
unruly boisterous
moblike mobbish
rowdy raucous
bare-knuckle rough-and-tumble
bare-knuckled rough-and-tumble
sequent consecutive
sequential consecutive
serial consecutive
successive consecutive
unordered disordered
disorganised disorganized
confused broken
disordered broken
upset broken
helter-skelter chaotic
snafu fucked-up
undone unstuck
incorporated corporate
reorganised reorganized
unorganised unorganized
fair average
mediocre average
middling average
nondescript characterless
cut-and-dry cut-and-dried
mundane everyday
quotidian everyday
routine everyday
unremarkable everyday
workaday everyday
so-so indifferent
run-of-the-mine run-of-the-mill
mine_run run-of-the-mill
unexceptional run-of-the-mill
exceptional exceeding
olympian exceeding
prodigious exceeding
surpassing exceeding
grand fantastic
howling fantastic
marvelous fantastic
marvellous fantastic
rattling fantastic
terrific fantastic
tremendous fantastic
wonderful fantastic
wondrous fantastic
terrible frightful
awful frightful
tremendous frightful
uncanny preternatural
uncommon rare
singular remarkable
structured integrated
unstructured amorphous
atomistical atomistic
ordered arranged
set laid
orientated oriented
familiarized adjusted
familiarised adjusted
destined bound
homeward-bound homeward
anomic alienated
disoriented alienated
disoriented confused
lost confused
orientating orienting
positioning aligning
familiarising familiarizing
daring avant-garde
freehanded freehand
new fresh
novel fresh
originative germinal
seminal germinal
innovational innovative
groundbreaking innovative
new newfangled
commonplace banal
hackneyed banal
old-hat banal
shopworn banal
stock banal
threadbare banal
timeworn banal
tired banal
trite banal
well-worn banal
corny bromidic
platitudinal bromidic
platitudinous bromidic
ready-made cliched
stale cold
dusty cold
moth-eaten cold
canonical canonic
sanctioned canonic
conformist conforming
established conventional
recusant dissentient
heretical dissident
heterodox dissident
nonconformist nonconforming
out-of-door outdoor
outside outdoor
open-air alfresco
arillate ariled
clothed cloaked
draped cloaked
mantled cloaked
wrapped cloaked
encrusted crusted
crusty crusted
crustlike crusted
spattered dabbled
splashed dabbled
splattered dabbled
drenched_in drenched
dust-covered dusty
mossy moss-grown
sealed plastered
snow-covered snow-clad
snowy snow-clad
snowy white
denuded bald
denudate bald
curly-leafed curly-leaved
fan-leafed fan-leaved
fine-leafed fine-leaved
foliose foliaceous
foliaged foliaceous
grassy-leafed grassy-leaved
ivy-covered ivied
large-leafed large-leaved
leaved leafed
leaf-like leaflike
leather-leafed leather-leaved
petal-like petallike
pinnate-leafed pinnate-leaved
prickly-leafed prickly-leaved
silky-leafed silky-leaved
silvery-leaved silver-leaved
silver-leafed silver-leaved
silvery-leafed silver-leaved
spiny-leafed spiny-leaved
two-leafed two-leaved
defoliated defoliate
two-lipped bilabiate
liplike labiate
unlipped lipless
open overt
barefaced bald
raw naked
backstairs backstair
furtive backstair
cloak-and-dagger clandestine
hole-and-corner clandestine
hugger-mugger clandestine
hush-hush clandestine
secret clandestine
surreptitious clandestine
undercover clandestine
underground clandestine
conniving collusive
disguised cloaked
masked cloaked
under-the-table sub-rosa
behind-the-scenes sub-rosa
subterraneous subterranean
ulterior subterranean
unrevealed undisclosed
paying compensable
remunerative compensable
salaried compensable
stipendiary compensable
remunerated compensated
salaried compensated
stipendiary compensated
free-lance mercenary
freelance mercenary
prepaid postpaid
costless complimentary
free complimentary
gratis complimentary
gratuitous complimentary
owing outstanding
undischarged outstanding
unsalaried uncompensated
achy aching
agonised agonized
agonising agonizing
excruciating agonizing
harrowing agonizing
torturing agonizing
torturous agonizing
torturesome agonizing
bitter biting
galled chafed
wrenching racking
sore sensitive
raw sensitive
tender sensitive
unpainful pain-free
varnished stained
unfinished bare
unvarnished unstained
represented delineated
delineate delineated
pictured depicted
portrayed depicted
diagrammatical diagrammatic
unpictured undepicted
toothsome palatable
unsavory distasteful
unsavoury distasteful
tangible palpable
subtle elusive
nonintersecting nonconvergent
cata-cornered catacorner
catercorner catacorner
cater-cornered catacorner
catty-corner catacorner
catty-cornered catacorner
kitty-corner catacorner
kitty-cornered catacorner
sideways crabwise
rectangular orthogonal
forgivable excusable
venial excusable
venial minor
mortal deadly
unforgivable inexcusable
insupportable indefensible
unjustifiable indefensible
unwarrantable indefensible
unwarranted indefensible
maternal parental
paternal parental
colored biased
coloured biased
one-sided biased
slanted biased
cold-eyed dispassionate
unbiased indifferent
unbiassed indifferent
climbable surmountable
travelable traversable
unpassable impassable
unclimbable unsurmountable
aflame ablaze
aroused ablaze
fervent ardent
fervid ardent
fiery ardent
impassioned ardent
perfervid ardent
torrid ardent
fanatical fanatic
overzealous fanatic
rabid fanatic
lusty lustful
concupiscent lustful
agone ago
bypast bygone
departed bygone
foregone bygone
gone bygone
knightly chivalric
medieval chivalric
former early
other early
former erstwhile
old erstwhile
onetime erstwhile
one-time erstwhile
quondam erstwhile
sometime erstwhile
late former
previous former
historical historic
recent late
prehistorical prehistoric
ult ultimo
inst instant
coming approaching
forthcoming approaching
upcoming approaching
rising emerging
prox proximo
parentless unparented
fatherlike fatherly
wifelike wifely
uxorial wifely
persevering diligent
long-suffering enduring
longanimous forbearing
patient_of tolerant
patronised patronized
unpatronised unpatronized
patronless unpatronized
prepacked prepackaged
loyal patriotic
flag-waving chauvinistic
jingoistic chauvinistic
nationalistic chauvinistic
ultranationalistic chauvinistic
superpatriotic chauvinistic
disloyal unpatriotic
peaceable peaceful
peaceable pacific
pacifistic pacifist
dovish pacifist
peace-loving peaceable
militant belligerent
war-ridden belligerent
warring belligerent
hawkish militant
warlike militant
tempestuous stormy
repentant penitent
remorseful contrite
rueful contrite
ruthful contrite
penitentiary penitential
unrepentant impenitent
unremorseful impenitent
discriminating acute
incisive acute
keen acute
knifelike acute
penetrating acute
penetrative acute
piercing acute
sharp acute
discerning apprehensive
observing observant
sharp-sighted quick-sighted
sharp-eyed quick-sighted
unperceiving unperceptive
unseeing unobservant
noticeable detectable
weak faint
unperceivable imperceptible
incognoscible incognizable
insensible indiscernible
undetectable indiscernible
consummate complete
down_pat down
mastered down
immaculate faultless
impeccable faultless
unflawed flawless
idealised idealized
undefiled uncorrupted
flawed blemished
corrupted corrupt
faulty defective
putrescible decayable
putrefiable decayable
spoilable decayable
indestructible durable
perdurable durable
undestroyable durable
lasting permanent
enduring abiding
imperishable abiding
aeonian ageless
eonian ageless
eternal ageless
everlasting ageless
perpetual ageless
unending ageless
unceasing ageless
temporary impermanent
passing ephemeral
short-lived ephemeral
transient ephemeral
transitory ephemeral
fugacious ephemeral
jury-rigged improvised
makeshift improvised
pro_tempore pro_tem
lasting persistent
shed caducous
two-sided reversible
one-sided nonreversible
revokable revocable
voidable rescindable
irrevokable irrevocable
allowable permissible
out forbidden
prohibited forbidden
proscribed forbidden
taboo forbidden
tabu forbidden
verboten forbidden
admittible admittable
lenient indulgent
soft indulgent
preventative preventive
hindering clogging
impeding clogging
obstructive clogging
frustrative frustrating
thwarting frustrating
precautional precautionary
obviating preclusive
pre-emptive preemptive
prohibitory prohibitive
nonplused at_a_loss
nonplussed at_a_loss
puzzled at_a_loss
befuddled baffled
bemused baffled
bewildered baffled
confounded baffled
confused baffled
lost baffled
mazed baffled
mixed-up baffled
at_sea baffled
metagrobolised metagrobolized
metagrabolized metagrobolized
metagrabolised metagrobolized
mystified metagrobolized
quizzical questioning
unconfused unbaffled
private individual
individualised individualized
personalized individualized
personalised individualized
in_the_flesh in-person
ain own
ingratiatory coaxing
telling cogent
weighty cogent
glib-tongued glib
smooth-tongued glib
cautionary admonitory
exemplary admonitory
monitory admonitory
warning admonitory
thick dense
water-resistant water-repellent
imperviable impervious
moth-resistant mothproof
ladder-proof runproof
run-resistant runproof
petaled petalous
petalled petalous
four-petalled four-petaled
five-petalled five-petaled
sympetalous gamopetalous
three-petalled three-petaled
petalless apetalous
psychotropic psychoactive
mind-blowing mind-bending
carnal animal
fleshly animal
sensual animal
corporal bodily
corporeal bodily
somatic bodily
physiological physiologic
somatogenetic somatogenic
rational intellectual
noetic intellectual
psychical psychic
reverent godly
worshipful godly
pietistic holier-than-thou
pietistical holier-than-thou
pharisaic holier-than-thou
pharisaical holier-than-thou
sanctimonious holier-than-thou
self-righteous holier-than-thou
irreverent godless
god-fearing devout
atheistical atheistic
unbelieving atheistic
heathenish heathen
pagan heathen
ethnic heathen
nonchurchgoing lapsed
conciliable appeasable
inexorable grim
relentless grim
stern grim
unappeasable grim
unforgiving grim
unrelenting grim
unpatterned plain
solid-coloured solid-colored
blotchy blotched
splotched blotched
brindle brindled
brinded brindled
tabby brindled
brownish-speckled brown-speckled
brownish-striped brown-striped
checkered checked
chequered checked
mottled dappled
flecked dotted
specked dotted
speckled dotted
stippled dotted
flowered floral
lentiginous freckled
lentiginose freckled
marbleized marbled
marbleised marbled
watered moire
spotty patched
spotted patched
pointillistic pointillist
reddish-striped red-striped
red-streaked red-striped
streaky streaked
stripy striped
venose veined
veinlike veined
severe austere
stark austere
stern austere
mere bare
simple bare
unelaborate inelaborate
trim tailored
florid aureate
flamboyant aureate
churrigueresque baroque
churrigueresco baroque
fussy busy
luxuriant elaborate
battlemented embattled
castled embattled
castellated embattled
lacelike lacy
puffed puff
vermiculate vermicular
vermiculated vermicular
predetermined preset
chance casual
uncontrived unstudied
pat glib
slick glib
unbelievable improbable
unconvincing improbable
unlikely improbable
gratifying enjoyable
pleasurable enjoyable
acerbic acerb
acid acerb
acrid acerb
bitter acerb
blistering acerb
caustic acerb
sulfurous acerb
sulphurous acerb
virulent acerb
vitriolic acerb
hellish beastly
god-awful beastly
forbidding dour
grim dour
mortifying embarrassing
rough harsh
painful afflictive
sore afflictive
repellent rebarbative
repellant rebarbative
sharp-worded sharp
tart sharp
diverted amused
entertained amused
encouraged bucked_up
irritated annoyed
miffed annoyed
nettled annoyed
peeved annoyed
pissed annoyed
pissed_off annoyed
riled annoyed
roiled annoyed
steamed annoyed
stung annoyed
cheesed_off exasperated
browned_off exasperated
fed_up disgusted
sick disgusted
sick_of disgusted
tired_of disgusted
pained offended
delicious delightful
fab fabulous
sweet gratifying
upsetting disconcerting
infuriating exasperating
maddening exasperating
vexing exasperating
acanthous acanthoid
spinous acanthoid
acute acuate
sharp acuate
needlelike acuate
barrelled barreled
spindle-shaped fusiform
cigar-shaped fusiform
pyramidic pyramidal
pyramidical pyramidal
unpointed pointless
burnished bright
lustrous bright
shining bright
shiny bright
unwise inexpedient
unpolitical apolitical
favourite favorite
touristy touristed
optimistic affirmative
counter antagonistic
neutralised neutralized
confirming positive
disconfirming negative
achievable accomplishable
doable accomplishable
manageable accomplishable
realizable accomplishable
assertable affirmable
come-at-able attainable
executable feasible
practicable feasible
viable feasible
workable feasible
infeasible impracticable
unfeasible impracticable
unworkable impracticable
unattainable unachievable
undoable unachievable
unrealizable unachievable
strong potent
stiff potent
ineffectual ineffective
unable ineffective
virile potent
all-powerful almighty
omnipotent almighty
strong potent
reigning regnant
ruling regnant
nerveless feeble
incapacitated helpless
high-potential high-voltage
low-voltage low-tension
important authoritative
powerful potent
naturalised naturalized
rootbound potbound
sown seeded
self-sown self-seeded
self-sowed self-seeded
unsown unseeded
ploughed plowed
unploughed unplowed
unbroken unplowed
uncultivatable uncultivable
applicatory applicative
pragmatic matter-of-fact
pragmatical matter-of-fact
practicable operable
half-baked crazy
screwball crazy
softheaded crazy
meshugga meshugge
meshuga meshugge
meshuggeneh meshugge
meshuggener meshugge
romantic quixotic
wild-eyed quixotic
hairsplitting finespun
punctilious meticulous
skillful nice
on_the_button on_the_nose
half-witted backward
slow-witted backward
feebleminded backward
imbecilic imbecile
idiotic imbecile
simple dim-witted
simple-minded dim-witted
freakish capricious
occasional episodic
planned aforethought
plotted aforethought
fitted_out equipped
extemporaneous ad-lib
extemporary ad-lib
extempore ad-lib
impromptu ad-lib
offhand ad-lib
offhanded ad-lib
off-the-cuff ad-lib
unrehearsed ad-lib
over-the-counter nonprescription
ubiquitous omnipresent
awol truant
pretentious ostentatious
showy flamboyant
splashy flamboyant
unpretentious unostentatious
unpretending unostentatious
restrained quiet
arty-crafty artsy-craftsy
overblown grandiloquent
pompous grandiloquent
pontifical grandiloquent
portentous grandiloquent
hifalutin grandiose
highfalutin grandiose
highfaluting grandiose
hoity-toity grandiose
la-di-da grandiose
high-sounding high-flown
inflated high-flown
parvenu nouveau-riche
parvenue nouveau-riche
upstart nouveau-riche
special particular
alternative alternate
substitute alternate
subsidiary auxiliary
supplemental auxiliary
supplementary auxiliary
substitute utility
base basal
elemental elementary
primary elementary
rudimentary fundamental
underlying fundamental
incident incidental
parenthetical parenthetic
cliquish clannish
clubby clannish
snobbish clannish
snobby clannish
reclusive cloistered
secluded cloistered
sequestered cloistered
secret confidential
backstage offstage
secluded privy
secret privy
head-to-head tete-a-tete
unrestricted unexclusive
only alone
inner inside
privileged inside
disadvantaged deprived
amentaceous amentiferous
cultivable arable
cultivatable arable
tillable arable
fertile fecund
prolific fecund
fruitless bootless
futile bootless
sleeveless bootless
vain bootless
productive generative
exploitatory exploitative
exploitive exploitative
consistent reproducible
duplicatable duplicable
irreproducible unreproducible
paid nonrecreational
recreational amateur
unpaid amateur
amateur amateurish
inexpert amateurish
unskilled amateurish
juicy fat
paid gainful
paying gainful
moneymaking lucrative
remunerative lucrative
idle dead
ostensible apparent
seeming apparent
dilettantish dilettante
dilettanteish dilettante
sciolistic dilettante
sounding looking
prognathic prognathous
hypognathous prognathous
forward-looking advanced
innovative advanced
modern advanced
forward advancing
forward-moving advancing
modernised modernized
throwback atavistic
retrogressive retrograde
reverting returning
unmodernised unmodernized
rolling rolled
trilled rolled
comely becoming
comme_il_faut becoming
decent becoming
decorous becoming
seemly becoming
right correct
right correct
prim priggish
prissy priggish
prudish priggish
puritanical priggish
square-toed priggish
straitlaced priggish
strait-laced priggish
straightlaced priggish
straight-laced priggish
tight-laced priggish
victorian priggish
indecorous indecent
unbecoming indecent
uncomely indecent
unseemly indecent
untoward indecent
incorrect wrong
prophetical prophetic
foreshadowing adumbrative
prefigurative adumbrative
apocalyptical apocalyptic
revelatory apocalyptic
precognitive clairvoyant
second-sighted clairvoyant
oracular delphic
mantic divinatory
sibylline divinatory
sibyllic divinatory
vatic divinatory
vatical divinatory
foreboding fateful
portentous fateful
premonitory precursory
prognostic predictive
prognosticative predictive
potential likely
retroactive ex_post_facto
retro ex_post_facto
fortified bastioned
open exposed
defenseless naked
prophylactic cautionary
prophylactic contraceptive
antifertility contraceptive
tutelary custodial
tutelar custodial
chesty arrogant
self-important arrogant
swelled big
vainglorious big
persnickety bigheaded
snooty bigheaded
snot-nosed bigheaded
snotty bigheaded
stuck-up bigheaded
too_big_for_one's_breeches bigheaded
uppish bigheaded
braggart boastful
bragging boastful
braggy boastful
big boastful
cock-a-hoop boastful
crowing boastful
self-aggrandizing boastful
self-aggrandising boastful
self-respecting dignified
self-respectful dignified
haughty disdainful
imperious disdainful
lordly disdainful
overbearing disdainful
prideful disdainful
sniffy disdainful
supercilious disdainful
swaggering disdainful
egotistic conceited
egotistical conceited
self-conceited conceited
swollen conceited
swollen-headed conceited
vain conceited
proud_of pleased
crushed broken
humbled broken
humiliated broken
low broken
mild meek
modest meek
proven proved
tried tested
well-tried tested
unproven unproved
thrifty careful
farsighted farseeing
foresighted farseeing
foresightful farseeing
prospicient farseeing
long farseeing
longsighted farseeing
shortsighted short
unforesightful short
myopic short
agitating agitative
provoking agitative
intriguing challenging
incitive incendiary
inflammatory incendiary
instigative incendiary
rabble-rousing incendiary
seditious incendiary
unprovoking unprovocative
discreet circumspect
wise judicious
heady judicious
ill-judged ill-considered
improvident ill-considered
shortsighted ill-considered
late belated
tardy belated
nighted benighted
undisciplined uncorrected
punitory punitive
relatiative retaliatory
retributive retaliatory
retributory retaliatory
vindicatory retaliatory
full-blood full-blooded
blooded full-blooded
pedigreed pedigree
pureblood pedigree
pureblooded pedigree
thoroughbred pedigree
intercrossed hybrid
half-bred half-blooded
half-breed half-blooded
undefiled immaculate
maculate defiled
fresh clean
clear clean
light clean
unclouded clean
sheer plain
unmingled plain
unmixed plain
unpolluted uncontaminated
technical_grade technical-grade
adulterated adulterate
debased adulterate
bastardised bastardized
polluted contaminated
dingy dirty
muddied dirty
muddy dirty
earnest businesslike
purposive goal-directed
purpose-made purpose-built
afloat adrift
aimless adrift
directionless adrift
planless adrift
rudderless adrift
undirected adrift
house-trained housebroken
pot-trained potty-trained
toilet-trained potty-trained
naive primitive
weasel-worded hedged
modified limited
categorical categoric
flat categoric
unconditional categoric
clear clean
straight-out outright
unlimited outright
denary decimal
numerical numeric
so-called alleged
supposed alleged
problematic debatable
problematical debatable
dubious doubtful
dubitable doubtful
in_question doubtful
funny fishy
shady fishy
suspect fishy
suspicious fishy
soi-disant self-styled
indubitable beyond_doubt
soundless silent
still silent
clamant blatant
clamorous blatant
strident blatant
vociferous blatant
buzzing abuzz
clanging clangorous
screaky creaky
rip-roaring rackety
uproarious rackety
wheezy reedy
reposeful restful
relaxing restful
slumbrous slumberous
uneasy restless
riotous disruptive
troubled disruptive
tumultuous disruptive
turbulent disruptive
squalling squally
hit-or-miss haphazard
logical coherent
lucid coherent
demythologised demythologized
reasoning intelligent
thinking intelligent
sane reasonable
unreasoning blind
intellectual cerebral
excited activated
indifferent inert
neutral inert
primed fit
set fit
ready_and_waiting waiting
off-guard napping
off_guard napping
off_one's_guard napping
off_his_guard napping
off_her_guard napping
off_your_guard napping
existent real
factual actual
documentary objective
pictured envisioned
visualized envisioned
visualised envisioned
trompe-l'oeil eye-deceiving
legendary fabled
fancied fabricated
fictional fabricated
fictitious fabricated
mythic fabulous
mythical fabulous
mythologic fabulous
mythological fabulous
imaginary fanciful
notional fanciful
fantastical fantastic
illusionary illusional
illusory illusive
pretend make-believe
delusory deceptive
surreal dreamlike
earthy down-to-earth
hard-nosed hardheaded
practical hardheaded
pragmatic hardheaded
lifelike graphic
pictorial graphic
vivid graphic
true_to_life true-to-life
real veridical
practical virtual
false delusive
wild fantastic
phantasmagorical phantasmagoric
surreal phantasmagoric
surrealistic phantasmagoric
sensible reasonable
commonsensible commonsense
commonsensical commonsense
intelligent healthy
levelheaded healthy
level-headed healthy
sound healthy
well-founded tenable
untenable indefensible
reasonless mindless
senseless mindless
unjustified undue
unwarranted undue
mutual reciprocal
interactive interactional
reciprocatory reciprocative
reciprocatory reciprocative
unreciprocated unanswered
unrequited unanswered
civilised civilized
cultivated civilized
cultured civilized
genteel civilized
polite civilized
mincing dainty
niminy-piminy dainty
prim dainty
twee dainty
debonaire debonair
debonnaire debonair
suave debonair
delicate finespun
gentlemanly gentlemanlike
superfine overrefined
well-mannered well-bred
uncultivated artless
uncultured artless
loutish boorish
neanderthal boorish
neandertal boorish
oafish boorish
swinish boorish
common coarse
rough-cut coarse
uncouth coarse
vulgar coarse
bounderish ill-bred
lowbred ill-bred
rude ill-bred
underbred ill-bred
yokelish ill-bred
ungentlemanlike ungentlemanly
vulcanized cured
vulcanised cured
polished milled
raw natural
rude natural
unvulcanised unvulcanized
processed refined
unprocessed unrefined
crude unrefined
burnt burned
bound bandaged
irrecoverable unrecoverable
unretrievable irretrievable
converted born-again
reborn born-again
unregenerated unregenerate
obdurate cussed
obstinate cussed
unrepentant cussed
unpersuaded unconverted
qualified certified
rule-governed lawful
prescribed official
stock standard
crooked asymmetrical
occasional casual
unconventional improper
unlawful improper
randomised randomized
nonrenewable unrenewable
rectifiable reparable
quotable repeatable
unquotable unrepeatable
repetitious repetitive
reiterative iterative
unsolicited unasked
rhyming rhymed
riming rhymed
unrimed unrhymed
rhymeless unrhymed
rimeless unrhymed
unvarying uniform
polymorphous polymorphic
periodical periodic
oscillating oscillatory
day-to-day daily
day-by-day daily
day-after-day daily
hebdomadal weekly
hebdomadary weekly
biweekly semiweekly
biweekly fortnightly
yearly annual
biannual semiannual
biyearly semiannual
half-yearly semiannual
biyearly biennial
bimestrial bimonthly
bimonthly semimonthly
semestrial semestral
nonperiodic aperiodic
affine affinal
agnatic agnate
paternal agnate
blood-related akin
cognate akin
consanguine akin
consanguineous akin
consanguineal akin
kin akin
descendent descendant
enatic enate
maternal enate
related_to related
attached affiliated
connected affiliated
cognate connate
correlate correlative
correlated correlative
tangential digressive
immaterial extraneous
impertinent extraneous
orthogonal extraneous
unsuitable inapplicable
aware mindful
heedful careful
redolent evocative
remindful evocative
reminiscent evocative
resonant evocative
forgetful unmindful
mindless unmindful
amnesiac amnesic
interchangeable exchangeable
similar exchangeable
standardized exchangeable
standardised exchangeable
unreplaceable irreplaceable
depictive delineative
figurative figural
realistic naturalistic
abstractionist abstract
nonfigurative abstract
nonobjective abstract
formal conventional
schematic conventional
geometrical geometric
allegoric allegorical
emblematical emblematic
symbolic emblematic
symbolical emblematic
unsymbolic nonrepresentative
honored esteemed
prestigious esteemed
good estimable
honorable estimable
respectable estimable
well-thought-of respected
time-honoured time-honored
damaged discredited
infamous ill-famed
notorious ill-famed
shady louche
seedy seamy
sleazy seamy
sordid seamy
squalid seamy
open receptive
acceptant acceptive
unsympathetic closed
unreconcilable irreconcilable
distant aloof
upstage aloof
withdrawn indrawn
engaged booked
set-aside booked
rush first-come-first-serve
resistless irresistible
overwhelming overpowering
bent_on bent
dead_set bent
out_to bent
do-or-die desperate
steadfast firm
steady firm
stiff firm
unbendable firm
unfaltering firm
unshakable firm
unwavering firm
resolved single-minded
stout stalwart
undismayed undaunted
unshaken undaunted
undiscouraged undeterred
vacillating vacillant
wavering vacillant
nice decent
solid upstanding
deferential deferent
regardful deferent
devastating annihilating
withering annihilating
disdainful contemptuous
insulting contemptuous
scornful contemptuous
gibelike derisive
jeering derisive
mocking derisive
taunting derisive
undutiful impious
insolent impudent
snotty-nosed impudent
flip impudent
devil-may-care carefree
freewheeling carefree
happy-go-lucky carefree
harum-scarum carefree
slaphappy carefree
loose idle
respondent answering
low-keyed low-key
subdued low-key
extravagant excessive
exuberant excessive
overweening excessive
unchecked unbridled
uncurbed unbridled
ungoverned unbridled
unlaced unbuttoned
unhindered unhampered
limited circumscribed
out-of-bounds off-limits
constraining confining
constrictive confining
limiting confining
restricting confining
repressive inhibitory
repressing inhibitory
regulatory regulative
recollective retentive
long retentive
tenacious retentive
forgetful unretentive
short unretentive
reticular reticulate
cancellated cancellate
clathrate cancellate
crisscrossed crisscross
interlaced fretted
latticed fretted
latticelike fretted
interrelated interconnected
netlike lacy
netted lacy
webbed lacy
weblike lacy
webby lacy
nonretractable nonretractile
specular mirrorlike
nonreflecting nonreflective
echolike echoic
brilliant bright
reechoing echoing
jingly jingling
resonating resonant
resounding resonant
reverberating resonant
reverberative resonant
tinkly tinkling
nonresonant unreverberant
thudding dull
worshipful adoring
awful awed
reverential respectful
venerating respectful
profane blasphemous
sacrilegious blasphemous
awless aweless
disrespectful aweless
renascent resurgent
revitalised revitalized
unrenewed unrevived
awestruck awed
awestricken awed
awless aweless
unappreciated thankless
ungratifying thankless
declamatory bombastic
large bombastic
orotund bombastic
tumid bombastic
turgid bombastic
ornate flowery
over-embellished empurpled
purple empurpled
magniloquent grandiloquent
tall grandiloquent
poetical poetic
prosaic matter-of-fact
rhythmic rhythmical
cadent cadenced
swinging lilting
swingy lilting
tripping lilting
metrical measured
metric measured
intoned chantlike
singsong chantlike
unrhythmic unrhythmical
arrhythmical arrhythmic
flush affluent
loaded affluent
moneyed affluent
wealthy affluent
easy comfortable
prosperous comfortable
well-fixed comfortable
well-heeled comfortable
well-off comfortable
well-situated comfortable
well-to-do comfortable
bust broke
skint broke
stone-broke broke
stony-broke broke
impoverished destitute
indigent destitute
necessitous destitute
needy destitute
poverty-stricken destitute
impecunious hard_up
in_straitened_circumstances hard_up
penniless hard_up
penurious hard_up
pinched hard_up
gilded deluxe
grand deluxe
luxurious deluxe
opulent deluxe
princely deluxe
sumptuous deluxe
lucullan lavish
lush lavish
plush lavish
plushy lavish
mean beggarly
monied moneyed
belly-up bankrupt
bimanual two-handed
right-hand right
left-hand left
two-handed ambidextrous
old-line oldline
reactionist reactionary
far-right reactionary
right-wing rightist
left-of-center leftist
left-wing leftist
middle-of-the-road centrist
nigh near
larboard port
bicorned bicorn
bicornate bicorn
bicornuate bicorn
bicornuous bicorn
honorable ethical
honourable ethical
criminal condemnable
deplorable condemnable
reprehensible condemnable
vicious condemnable
immoral base
mistaken misguided
just good
upright good
unholy sinful
wicked sinful
burly beefy
husky beefy
strapping beefy
buirdly beefy
chesty big-chested
broad-shouldered big-shouldered
square-shouldered big-shouldered
iron cast-iron
stalwart hardy
stout hardy
sturdy hardy
debile decrepit
feeble decrepit
infirm decrepit
rickety decrepit
sapless decrepit
weak decrepit
weakly decrepit
circular round
global ball-shaped
globose ball-shaped
globular ball-shaped
orbicular ball-shaped
spheric ball-shaped
spherical ball-shaped
bulbous bulblike
bulb-shaped bulblike
discoidal discoid
disklike discoid
disclike discoid
disk-shaped discoid
disc-shaped discoid
moon-round moonlike
sausage-shaped allantoid
amygdaliform almond-shaped
amygdaloid almond-shaped
amygdaloidal almond-shaped
annulate annular
annulated annular
circinate annular
ringed annular
ring-shaped annular
doughnut-shaped annular
aspherical aspheric
ear-shaped auriform
ear-like auriform
crescent-shaped crescent
semilunar crescent
lunate crescent
cycloidal cycloid
cylindric cylindrical
vaulted domed
elliptic egg-shaped
elliptical egg-shaped
oval egg-shaped
oval-shaped egg-shaped
ovate egg-shaped
oviform egg-shaped
ovoid egg-shaped
prolate egg-shaped
ellipsoidal ellipsoid
spheroidal ellipsoid
tongue-shaped lingulate
olive-like olivelike
parabolical parabolic
rodlike rod-shaped
angulate angular
star-shaped asteroid
bicuspidate bicuspid
cuspated cuspate
cusped cuspate
cuspidal cuspate
cuspidate cuspate
cuspidated cuspate
sharp-angled sharp-cornered
tricuspidate tricuspid
pumpkin-shaped oblate
watermelon-shaped prolate
agricultural agrarian
farming agrarian
rustic agrestic
bucolic arcadian
pastoral arcadian
countryfied countrified
rustic countrified
folksy cracker-barrel
homespun cracker-barrel
cityfied citified
city-bred citified
city-born citified
urbanised urbanized
rustproofed rustproof
undersealed undercoated
blessed beatified
sacred consecrated
sanctified consecrated
sacred hallowed
unhallowed unholy
unconsecrated profane
unsanctified profane
unnameable ineffable
unspeakable ineffable
unutterable ineffable
inviolate inviolable
sacrosanct inviolable
spiritual religious
sublime reverend
tabu taboo
secular profane
lay laic
secular laic
riskless risk-free
unhazardous risk-free
unhurt safe_and_sound
unsafe dangerous
chanceful chancy
dicey chancy
dodgy chancy
risky hazardous
wild hazardous
perilous parlous
precarious parlous
touch-and-go parlous
suicidal self-destructive
unreliable treacherous
saleable salable
merchantable marketable
sellable marketable
vendable marketable
vendible marketable
unsaleable unsalable
unmerchantable unmarketable
unvendible unmarketable
corresponding comparable
like comparable
indistinguishable identical
synoptical synoptic
antithetical antithetic
various assorted
contrastive contrasting
diametrical diametric
opposite diametric
polar diametric
distinguishable distinct
various diverse
diverse divers
aforementioned aforesaid
said aforesaid
selfsame identical
very identical
some_other another
kindred akin
correspondent analogous
mistakable confusable
of_sound_mind compos_mentis
in_her_right_mind in_his_right_mind
in_their_right_minds in_his_right_mind
amok amuck
berserk amuck
demoniac amuck
demoniacal amuck
possessed amuck
barmy balmy
bats balmy
batty balmy
bonkers balmy
buggy balmy
cracked balmy
crackers balmy
daft balmy
dotty balmy
fruity balmy
haywire balmy
kooky balmy
kookie balmy
loco balmy
loony balmy
loopy balmy
nuts balmy
nutty balmy
round_the_bend balmy
around_the_bend balmy
wacky balmy
whacky balmy
crazy brainsick
demented brainsick
disturbed brainsick
mad brainsick
sick brainsick
unbalanced brainsick
unhinged brainsick
certified certifiable
idiotic crackbrained
deranged crazed
half-crazed crazed
touched fey
moonstruck lunatic
maniac maniacal
unsound mentally_ill
unstable mentally_ill
of_unsound_mind non_compos_mentis
psychopathologic psychopathic
psychopathological psychopathic
wild raving_mad
screwy screw-loose
satiated satiate
satisfiable satiable
insatiable insatiate
unsatiable insatiate
unquenchable quenchless
unsatiated unsated
unsatisfied unsated
biting barbed
nipping barbed
pungent barbed
mordacious barbed
grim black
mordant black
satiric satirical
passable adequate
fair_to_middling adequate
tolerable adequate
fine all_right
o.k. all_right
ok all_right
okay all_right
hunky-dory all_right
cheering comforting
satisfying comforting
copasetic copacetic
copesetic copacetic
copesettic copacetic
dissatisfactory disappointing
unsatisfying disappointing
ascendible ascendable
climbable ascendable
unclimbable unscalable
donnish academic
pedantic academic
studious bookish
learned erudite
unconscionable conscienceless
opened open
certain sealed
uncertain unsealed
sneak furtive
sneaky furtive
stealthy furtive
surreptitious furtive
obscure hidden
secret hidden
unavowed sneaking
blazing blatant
conspicuous blatant
indicatory indicative
revelatory indicative
significative indicative
suggestive indicative
unsectarian nonsectarian
oecumenic ecumenic
ecumenical ecumenic
oecumenical ecumenic
interdenominational interchurch
unafraid secure
untroubled secure
unsafe insecure
shaky precarious
unsecured unguaranteed
unbolted unbarred
unlatched unbarred
unlocked unbarred
unsecured unbarred
beguiling alluring
enticing alluring
tempting alluring
untempting uninviting
egotistical egotistic
narcissistic egotistic
self-loving egotistic
self-seeking self-serving
self-giving self-denying
self-sacrificing self-denying
older elder
sr. elder
superior ranking
higher-ranking ranking
lower-ranking junior-grade
lowly junior-grade
petty junior-grade
secondary junior-grade
subaltern junior-grade
jr. younger
shocking lurid
sensationalistic scandalmongering
yellow scandalmongering
sensitive sensible
anaesthetic anesthetic
benumbed asleep
numb asleep
irritable excitable
photosensitive light-sensitive
responsive reactive
deadened dead
thin-skinned huffy
feisty huffy
touchy huffy
indurate callous
pachydermatous callous
numb dead
unaffected insensible
tough-skinned thick-skinned
sensitising sensitizing
desensitising desensitizing
sensorial sensory
paranormal extrasensory
isolated detached
separated detached
set-apart detached
distinct discrete
isolated disjunct
conjunct concerted
conjunctive concerted
cooperative concerted
conjoint conjoined
collective corporate
healthful sanitary
hygienical hygienic
insanitary unsanitary
unhealthful unsanitary
infected septic
pestiferous dirty
pussy purulent
infective infectious
putrefacient putrefactive
sterile aseptic
disinfectant bactericidal
germicidal bactericidal
purifying cleansing
clean uninfected
unsterilised unsterilized
adulterant adulterating
foreign extraneous
cleansing ablutionary
detersive detergent
sincere earnest
solemn earnest
sedate grave
sober grave
solemn grave
serious-minded thoughtful
dizzy airheaded
empty-headed airheaded
featherbrained airheaded
giddy airheaded
light-headed airheaded
lightheaded airheaded
silly airheaded
flyaway flighty
head-in-the-clouds flighty
scatterbrained flighty
light-minded flippant
light idle
frolicsome coltish
frolicky coltish
rollicking coltish
sportive coltish
rascally devilish
roguish devilish
elfish elfin
elvish elfin
impish arch
implike arch
mischievous arch
pixilated arch
prankish arch
puckish arch
wicked arch
frisky kittenish
teasing mocking
quizzical mocking
serious unplayful
sober unplayful
elite elect
long-wearing durable
usable functional
useable functional
operable functional
operational functional
burnt-out burned-out
placed located
set located
situated located
resettled relocated
drifting aimless
floating aimless
vagabond aimless
vagrant aimless
planetary erratic
wandering erratic
stateless homeless
migratory migrant
nomadic mobile
peregrine mobile
roving mobile
wandering mobile
wayfaring peripatetic
vagabond rootless
resident nonmigratory
effected accomplished
established accomplished
decreed appointed
ordained appointed
prescribed appointed
dictated determined
set determined
tentative doubtful
undecided open
undetermined open
unresolved open
horny aroused
randy aroused
ruttish aroused
steamy aroused
turned_on aroused
flirtatious coquettish
titillating erotic
gamy blue
gamey blue
juicy blue
naughty blue
racy blue
risque blue
spicy blue
sexual intimate
luscious juicy
red-hot juicy
toothsome juicy
voluptuous juicy
lewd lascivious
libidinous lascivious
lustful lascivious
lustful lubricious
prurient lubricious
salacious lubricious
highly-sexed oversexed
adult pornographic
nonsexual asexual
agamous agamic
agamogenetic agamic
apomictic agamic
parthenogenetic agamic
sexless neuter
vegetative vegetal
unsexed castrated
neutered altered
emasculated cut
gelded cut
intact entire
aphrodisiacal aphrodisiac
sexy aphrodisiac
monoestrous monestrous
polyoestrous polyestrous
dioestrous diestrous
diestrual diestrous
dioestrual diestrous
busty bosomy
buxom bosomy
curvaceous bosomy
curvy bosomy
full-bosomed bosomy
sonsie bosomy
sonsy bosomy
stacked bosomy
voluptuous bosomy
well-endowed bosomy
callipygous callipygian
fully_fashioned full-fashioned
statuesque junoesque
sculptural modeled
sculptured modeled
sculpturesque modeled
tip-tilted retrousse
upturned retrousse
lumpy chunky
taliped clubfooted
distorted deformed
ill-shapen deformed
malformed deformed
misshapen deformed
knobbly knobby
nodulated nodular
noduled nodular
chicken-breasted pigeon-breasted
malleable ductile
pliable ductile
pliant ductile
tensile ductile
tractile ductile
bacillary bacillar
bacilliform bacillar
baculiform bacillar
rod-shaped bacillar
chainlike catenulate
drum-like drum-shaped
scaphoid navicular
molded shaped
wrought shaped
spade-like spade-shaped
worm-shaped vermiform
formless amorphous
shapeless amorphous
unshapen unshaped
mutual common
sole exclusive
single individual
shaved shaven
whiskerless beardless
smooth-shaven clean-shaven
well-shaven clean-shaven
unshaved unshaven
barbate bearded
bewhiskered bearded
whiskered bearded
whiskery bearded
stubbled bestubbled
stubbly bestubbled
mustached mustachioed
shorn sheared
unshorn unsheared
encased cased
incased cased
bare unsheathed
narrow-minded shockable
broad-minded unshockable
shodden shod
shoed shod
sandalled sandaled
unshoed unshod
barefooted barefoot
shoeless barefoot
shod calced
discalceate discalced
unshod discalced
shortsighted nearsighted
myopic nearsighted
presbyopic farsighted
keen-sighted eagle-eyed
farseeing eagle-eyed
longsighted eagle-eyed
hypermetropic hyperopic
hawk-eyed argus-eyed
keen-sighted argus-eyed
lynx-eyed argus-eyed
quick-sighted argus-eyed
sharp-eyed argus-eyed
sharp-sighted argus-eyed
unsighted blind
blindfolded blindfold
colour-blind color-blind
green-blind deuteranopic
near-blind dim-sighted
purblind dim-sighted
sand-blind dim-sighted
visually_impaired dim-sighted
visually_challenged dim-sighted
sightless eyeless
unseeing eyeless
red-blind protanopic
snow-blinded snow-blind
blue-blind tritanopic
important significant
epoch-making epochal
world-shaking earthshaking
world-shattering earthshaking
evidentiary evidential
profound fundamental
remarkable noteworthy
probatory probative
prodigious portentous
unimportant insignificant
hole-in-corner hole-and-corner
fragile flimsy
slight flimsy
tenuous flimsy
thin flimsy
trivial superficial
unsubdivided simple
acerose acerate
acicular acerate
needle-shaped acerate
heart-shaped cordate
cordiform cordate
wedge-shaped cuneate
dolabrate dolabriform
sword-shaped ensiform
swordlike ensiform
bladelike ensiform
spearhead-shaped hastate
lancelike lanceolate
elongate linear
orbicular orbiculate
panduriform pandurate
fiddle-shaped pandurate
shield-shaped peltate
kidney-shaped reniform
sagittiform sagittate
arrow-shaped sagittate
spatula-shaped spatulate
bilobated bilobate
bilobed bilobate
dissected cleft
abruptly-pinnate even-pinnate
paripinnate even-pinnate
lobate lobed
imparipinnate odd-pinnate
palm-shaped palmate
pinnated pinnate
trifoliolate trifoliate
trifoliated trifoliate
trilobated trilobate
trilobed trilobate
three-lobed trilobate
tripinnated tripinnate
undecomposable unanalyzable
unsophisticated uncomplicated
decomposable analyzable
convoluted byzantine
involved byzantine
knotty byzantine
tangled byzantine
tortuous byzantine
compound colonial
interlinking interlacing
interlocking interlacing
interwoven interlacing
labyrinthian labyrinthine
mazy labyrinthine
devout dear
earnest dear
heartfelt dear
true genuine
unfeigned genuine
wholehearted heart-whole
whole-souled heart-whole
fawning bootlicking
obsequious bootlicking
sycophantic bootlicking
toadyish bootlicking
fulsome buttery
oily buttery
oleaginous buttery
smarmy buttery
soapy buttery
unctuous buttery
meretricious gilded
specious gilded
0 zero
1 one
i one
ane one
2 two
ii two
3 three
iii three
4 four
iv four
5 five
v five
6 six
vi six
half_dozen six
half-dozen six
7 seven
vii seven
8 eight
viii eight
9 nine
ix nine
10 ten
x ten
11 eleven
xi eleven
12 twelve
xii twelve
dozen twelve
13 thirteen
xiii thirteen
14 fourteen
xiv fourteen
15 fifteen
xv fifteen
16 sixteen
xvi sixteen
17 seventeen
xvii seventeen
18 eighteen
xviii eighteen
19 nineteen
xix nineteen
20 twenty
xx twenty
21 twenty-one
xxi twenty-one
22 twenty-two
xxii twenty-two
23 twenty-three
xxiii twenty-three
24 twenty-four
xxiv twenty-four
25 twenty-five
xxv twenty-five
26 twenty-six
xxvi twenty-six
27 twenty-seven
xxvii twenty-seven
28 twenty-eight
xxviii twenty-eight
29 twenty-nine
xxix twenty-nine
30 thirty
xxx thirty
31 thirty-one
xxxi thirty-one
32 thirty-two
xxxii thirty-two
33 thirty-three
xxxiii thirty-three
34 thirty-four
xxxiv thirty-four
35 thirty-five
xxxv thirty-five
36 thirty-six
xxxvi thirty-six
37 thirty-seven
xxxvii thirty-seven
38 thirty-eight
xxxviii thirty-eight
39 thirty-nine
ixl thirty-nine
40 forty
xl forty
twoscore forty
41 forty-one
xli forty-one
42 forty-two
xlii forty-two
43 forty-three
xliii forty-three
44 forty-four
xliv forty-four
45 forty-five
xlv forty-five
46 forty-six
xlvi forty-six
47 forty-seven
xlvii forty-seven
48 forty-eight
xlviii forty-eight
49 forty-nine
il forty-nine
50 fifty
l fifty
51 fifty-one
li fifty-one
52 fifty-two
lii fifty-two
53 fifty-three
liii fifty-three
54 fifty-four
liv fifty-four
55 fifty-five
lv fifty-five
56 fifty-six
lvi fifty-six
57 fifty-seven
lvii fifty-seven
58 fifty-eight
lviii fifty-eight
59 fifty-nine
ilx fifty-nine
60 sixty
lx sixty
threescore sixty
61 sixty-one
lxi sixty-one
62 sixty-two
lxii sixty-two
63 sixty-three
lxiii sixty-three
64 sixty-four
lxiv sixty-four
65 sixty-five
lxv sixty-five
66 sixty-six
lxvi sixty-six
67 sixty-seven
lxvii sixty-seven
68 sixty-eight
lxviii sixty-eight
69 sixty-nine
ilxx sixty-nine
70 seventy
lxx seventy
71 seventy-one
lxxi seventy-one
72 seventy-two
lxxii seventy-two
73 seventy-three
lxxiii seventy-three
74 seventy-four
lxxiv seventy-four
75 seventy-five
lxxv seventy-five
76 seventy-six
lxxvi seventy-six
77 seventy-seven
lxxvii seventy-seven
78 seventy-eight
lxxviii seventy-eight
79 seventy-nine
ilxxx seventy-nine
80 eighty
lxxx eighty
fourscore eighty
81 eighty-one
lxxxi eighty-one
82 eighty-two
lxxxii eighty-two
83 eighty-three
lxxxiii eighty-three
84 eighty-four
lxxxiv eighty-four
85 eighty-five
lxxxv eighty-five
86 eighty-six
lxxxvi eighty-six
87 eighty-seven
lxxxvii eighty-seven
88 eighty-eight
lxxxviii eighty-eight
89 eighty-nine
ixc eighty-nine
90 ninety
xc ninety
91 ninety-one
xci ninety-one
92 ninety-two
xcii ninety-two
93 ninety-three
xciii ninety-three
94 ninety-four
xciv ninety-four
95 ninety-five
xcv ninety-five
96 ninety-six
xcvi ninety-six
97 ninety-seven
xcvii ninety-seven
98 ninety-eight
xcviii ninety-eight
99 ninety-nine
ic ninety-nine
one_hundred hundred
100 hundred
c hundred
one_hundred_one hundred_and_one
101 hundred_and_one
ci hundred_and_one
105 one_hundred_five
cv one_hundred_five
110 one_hundred_ten
cx one_hundred_ten
115 one_hundred_fifteen
cxv one_hundred_fifteen
120 one_hundred_twenty
cxx one_hundred_twenty
125 one_hundred_twenty-five
cxxv one_hundred_twenty-five
130 one_hundred_thirty
cxxx one_hundred_thirty
135 one_hundred_thirty-five
cxxxv one_hundred_thirty-five
140 one_hundred_forty
cxl one_hundred_forty
145 one_hundred_forty-five
cxlv one_hundred_forty-five
150 one_hundred_fifty
cl one_hundred_fifty
155 one_hundred_fifty-five
clv one_hundred_fifty-five
160 one_hundred_sixty
clx one_hundred_sixty
165 one_hundred_sixty-five
clxv one_hundred_sixty-five
170 one_hundred_seventy
clxx one_hundred_seventy
175 one_hundred_seventy-five
clxxv one_hundred_seventy-five
180 one_hundred_eighty
clxxx one_hundred_eighty
190 one_hundred_ninety
xcl one_hundred_ninety
200 two_hundred
cc two_hundred
300 three_hundred
ccc three_hundred
400 four_hundred
cd four_hundred
500 five_hundred
d five_hundred
one_thousand thousand
1000 thousand
m thousand
k thousand
1st first
2nd second
2d second
3rd third
tertiary third
4th fourth
quaternary fourth
5th fifth
6th sixth
7th seventh
8th eighth
9th ninth
10th tenth
11th eleventh
12th twelfth
13th thirteenth
14th fourteenth
15th fifteenth
16th sixteenth
17th seventeenth
18th eighteenth
19th nineteenth
umteenth umpteenth
umptieth umpteenth
20th twentieth
21st twenty-first
22nd twenty-second
23rd twenty-third
24th twenty-fourth
25th twenty-fifth
26th twenty-sixth
27th twenty-seventh
28th twenty-eighth
29th twenty-ninth
30th thirtieth
31st thirty-first
32nd thirty-second
33rd thirty-third
34th thirty-fourth
35th thirty-fifth
36th thirty-sixth
37th thirty-seventh
38th thirty-eighth
39th thirty-ninth
40th fortieth
41st forty-first
42nd forty-second
43rd forty-third
44th forty-fourth
45th forty-fifth
46th forty-sixth
47th forty-seventh
48th forty-eighth
49th forty-ninth
50th fiftieth
55th fifty-fifth
60th sixtieth
64th sixty-fourth
65th sixty-fifth
70th seventieth
75th seventy-fifth
80th eightieth
85th eighty-fifth
90th ninetieth
95th ninety-fifth
centesimal hundredth
100th hundredth
101st hundred-and-first
105th hundred-and-fifth
110th hundred-and-tenth
115th hundred-and-fifteenth
120th hundred-and-twentieth
125th hundred-and-twenty-fifth
130th hundred-and-thirtieth
135th hundred-and-thirty-fifth
140th hundred-and-fortieth
145th hundred-and-forty-fifth
150th hundred-and-fiftieth
155th hundred-and-fifty-fifth
160th hundred-and-sixtieth
165th hundred-and-sixty-fifth
170th hundred-and-seventieth
175th hundred-and-seventy-fifth
180th hundred-and-eightieth
190th hundred-and-ninetieth
200th two-hundredth
300th three-hundredth
400th four-hundredth
500th five-hundredth
1000th thousandth
n-th nth
written scripted
spontaneous ad-lib
unwritten ad-lib
azygos azygous
one-person one-man
one-woman one-man
lonesome lone
only lone
sole lone
solitary lone
unique singular
one-member uninominal
doubled double
twofold double
two-fold double
dual double
duple double
dual double
twofold double
two-fold double
treble double
threefold double
three-fold double
multiplex manifold
treble ternary
triple ternary
triplex ternary
threefold treble
three-fold treble
triple treble
fourfold quadruple
four-fold quadruple
quadruplicate quadruple
quadruplex quadruple
fourfold quadruple
four-fold quadruple
quaternary quaternate
fivefold quintuple
five-fold quintuple
sixfold sextuple
six-fold sextuple
sevenfold septuple
seven-fold septuple
eightfold octuple
eight-fold octuple
ninefold nonuple
nine-fold nonuple
ten-fold tenfold
denary tenfold
dual-lane divided
medium-size medium-sized
moderate-sized medium-sized
moderate-size medium-sized
complete accomplished
expert adept
good adept
practiced adept
proficient adept
skillful adept
skilful adept
masterful consummate
masterly consummate
virtuoso consummate
expert technical
butcherly botchy
unskillful botchy
botched bungled
clumsy bungling
fumbling bungling
incompetent bungling
rough crude
menial humble
lowly humble
rusty out_of_practice
mathematical numerical
harsh coarse
large-grained coarse-grained
coarse-grained farinaceous
grainy farinaceous
granular farinaceous
granulose farinaceous
gritty farinaceous
mealy farinaceous
plush-like plushy
open loose
tight close
fine-grained close-grained
powdery powdered
pulverized powdered
pulverised powdered
small-grained powdered
fine-grained powdered
slippy slippery
slimy slimed
slithering slipping
greased lubricated
ungreased unlubricated
uncreased creaseless
smooth-textured fine-textured
unlined seamless
unseamed seamless
aerodynamic streamlined
flowing streamlined
sleek streamlined
velvety velvet
velvet-textured velvet
unsmooth rough
scratchy abrasive
cracked alligatored
rugged broken
cracked chapped
roughened chapped
twilled corded
ribbed costate
craggy cragged
hilly cragged
mountainous cragged
nubby homespun
nubbly homespun
slubbed homespun
tweedy homespun
imbricated imbricate
leprose lepidote
scabrous lepidote
scaly lepidote
scurfy lepidote
seamed lined
pockmarked pocked
potholed pocked
rockbound rock-ribbed
bouldery rocky
bouldered rocky
stony rocky
pebbly gravelly
shingly gravelly
shaggy shagged
rough-textured textured
coarse-textured textured
warty verrucose
wartlike verrucose
rocky rough
bumpy rough
jolty rough
jolting rough
jumpy rough
rugged furrowed
rutty rutted
untoothed unnotched
ciliated ciliate
crenated crenate
scalloped crenate
crenulated crenulate
jagged erose
jaggy erose
notched erose
toothed erose
laciniate fringed
lacerated lacerate
serrated serrate
saw-toothed serrate
toothed serrate
notched serrate
smoothbore unrifled
ethnic cultural
ethnical cultural
multi-ethnic multiethnic
asocial antisocial
lonely lone
solitary lone
reclusive recluse
withdrawn recluse
lone alone
lonely alone
solitary alone
marooned isolated
stranded isolated
attended accompanied
nonsocial nongregarious
solitary nongregarious
cespitose caespitose
tufted caespitose
sewn sewed
stitched sewed
several-seeded multi-seeded
one-seeded single-seeded
one-seed single-seeded
clubable clubbable
clubby clubbish
good-time convivial
forthcoming extroverted
outgoing extroverted
solidified coagulated
jelled congealed
jellied congealed
runny fluid
liquifiable liquefiable
liquified liquefied
airlike aeriform
aerosolised aerosolized
vaporized gasified
vapourised gasified
volatilized gasified
volatilised gasified
vapourific vaporific
vaporish vaporific
vapourish vaporific
vaporous vaporific
vapourous vaporific
sunken deep-set
recessed deep-set
fistulate fistular
fistulous fistular
cannular tubular
tubelike tubular
tube-shaped tubular
vasiform tubular
dissoluble dissolvable
disintegrable meltable
indissoluble insoluble
non-water-soluble water-insoluble
resolvable solvable
unsoluble insolvable
unsolvable insolvable
unresolvable insolvable
resolved solved
unresolved unsolved
whatever any
whatsoever any
worldly blase
well-informed intelligent
refined polished
svelte polished
urbane polished
naif naive
wide-eyed childlike
round-eyed childlike
dewy-eyed childlike
simple childlike
green fleeceable
gullible fleeceable
ingenuous innocent
unworldly unsophisticated
good dependable
safe dependable
secure dependable
risky bad
high-risk bad
speculative bad
strong solid
substantial solid
rotten decayed
rotted decayed
bubbly bubbling
foaming bubbling
foamy bubbling
frothy bubbling
effervescing bubbling
spumy bubbling
charged aerated
fizzy fizzing
uncarbonated noncarbonated
effervescent sparkling
noneffervescent still
specialised specialized
unspecialised unspecialized
generalised generalized
spiny spinous
knockabout boisterous
gallant dashing
exuberant ebullient
high-spirited ebullient
plucky feisty
spunky feisty
irreverent impertinent
pert impertinent
saucy impertinent
racy lively
whipping snappy
vivacious vibrant
yeasty zestful
zesty zestful
barmy zestful
listless dispirited
self-generated spontaneous
unprompted impulsive
instinctive natural
evoked elicited
uttered expressed
verbalized expressed
verbalised expressed
unwritten oral
word-of-mouth viva-voce
left-slanting backhand
graphical graphic
in_writing graphic
sonant voiced
soft voiced
voiceless unvoiced
surd unvoiced
hard unvoiced
statute codified
unsyllabic nonsyllabic
steady firm
unfluctuating firm
stabilised stabilized
coseismal coseismic
cranky crank
tender crank
tippy crank
volatile explosive
shaky rickety
wobbly rickety
wonky rickety
seismal seismic
disconnected staccato
disconnected abrupt
smooth legato
classical authoritative
classic authoritative
definitive authoritative
canonic basic
canonical basic
textbook casebook
criterional criterial
standardised standardized
inferior deficient
substandard deficient
received standard
unaccepted unacceptable
amylaceous starchlike
amyloid starchlike
amyloidal starchlike
farinaceous starchlike
replete full
well-nourished well-fed
underfed ill-fed
undernourished ill-fed
starving starved
rock-steady dependable
steady-going dependable
regular even
unwavering level
sure-footed surefooted
footsure surefooted
jerking arrhythmic
jerky arrhythmic
spasmodic convulsive
spastic convulsive
aflicker flickering
palpitating palpitant
shivering shaky
trembling shaky
tremulous quavering
shifty shifting
tottery tottering
thought-provoking challenging
salty piquant
stirring rousing
unexciting unstimulating
flat bland
juiceless dry
ataraxic ataractic
sedative ataractic
tranquilizing ataractic
tranquillizing ataractic
tranquilising ataractic
tranquillising ataractic
narcotizing narcotic
narcotising narcotic
soporiferous soporific
somniferous soporific
somnific soporific
hypnogogic soporific
hypnagogic soporific
adrenocorticotrophic adrenocorticotropic
excitative excitant
excitatory excitant
irritative irritating
stimulating stimulant
mouthless astomatous
hooked aquiline
awry askew
cockeyed askew
lopsided askew
wonky askew
skew-whiff askew
writhed contorted
writhen contorted
refractive deflective
gnarly gnarled
knotted gnarled
knotty gnarled
knobbed gnarled
twisting tortuous
twisty tortuous
winding tortuous
voluminous tortuous
zig-zag zigzag
trabeate trabeated
uncurving uncurved
curving curved
arched arced
arching arced
arciform arced
arcuate arced
bowed arced
curvilinear curvilineal
falciform falcate
sickle-shaped falcate
curvey curvy
hooked hooklike
incurved incurvate
recurvate recurved
snaky serpentine
snakelike serpentine
sinuous sinuate
wiggly sinuate
helical coiling
spiral coiling
spiraling coiling
volute coiling
voluted coiling
whorled coiling
turbinate coiling
convoluted convolute
rolled involute
straight uncoiled
square straight
straightforward aboveboard
transparent guileless
corrupt crooked
underhand sneaky
underhanded sneaky
accented stressed
emphasized emphatic
emphasised emphatic
light unaccented
weak unaccented
accented tonic
unaccented atonic
hefty brawny
muscular brawny
powerful brawny
sinewy brawny
knockout hard
severe hard
weapons-grade industrial-strength
powerful knock-down
strengthened reinforced
well-set well-knit
anaemic anemic
asthenic adynamic
debilitated adynamic
enervated adynamic
feeble faint
lame feeble
shoddy jerry-built
gutless namby-pamby
spineless namby-pamby
wishy-washy namby-pamby
pallid pale
wan pale
sick pale
obstinate stubborn
unregenerate stubborn
cantankerous bloody-minded
stroppy bolshy
bullet-headed bullheaded
pigheaded bullheaded
dour dogged
persistent dogged
pertinacious dogged
tenacious dogged
unyielding dogged
cross-grained contrarious
mulish hardheaded
strong-willed strong-minded
tame meek
sheepish sheeplike
dependent subject
unruly disobedient
flourishing booming
palmy booming
prospering booming
prosperous booming
roaring booming
thriving booming
winning victorious
disappointed defeated
discomfited defeated
foiled defeated
frustrated defeated
thwarted defeated
ruined done_for
sunk done_for
undone done_for
washed-up done_for
unrewarded empty-handed
goalless scoreless
hitless scoreless
unrealized unfulfilled
unrealised unfulfilled
decent adequate
enough adequate
deficient insufficient
low depleted
poor inadequate
short inadequate
skimpy lean
scant light
short light
sugar-coated candied
honied honeyed
syrupy honeyed
sweetened sugared
sweet sugared
sweet-flavored sugared
nonsweet sugarless
condescending arch
patronizing arch
patronising arch
high eminent
preeminent leading
high-ranking high-level
upper-level high-level
olympian majestic
low humble
lowly humble
modest humble
small humble
A-one ace
crack ace
first-rate ace
super ace
tiptop ace
topnotch ace
top-notch ace
tops ace
select blue-ribbon
brag boss
superb brilliant
prime choice
prize choice
quality choice
select choice
first-class excellent
fantabulous excellent
splendid excellent
sterling greatest
superlative greatest
pucka pukka
top-hole top-flight
topping top-flight
surpassing transcendent
cheap bum
cheesy bum
chintzy bum
crummy bum
punk bum
sleazy bum
tinny bum
bush bush-league
shoddy cheapjack
tawdry cheapjack
common coarse
commercial-grade commercial
execrable deplorable
miserable deplorable
woeful deplorable
wretched deplorable
second-rate mediocre
ropy ropey
scrubby scrawny
stunted scrawny
utility-grade utility
superimposed overlying
superior superscript
inferior subscript
buttressed braced
pendant pendent
dependent pendent
subsidised subsidized
groundless baseless
idle baseless
unfounded baseless
unwarranted baseless
wild baseless
unassisted single-handed
unbacked single-handed
unsubstantiated uncorroborated
aided assisted
adjunct accessory
ancillary accessory
adjuvant accessory
appurtenant accessory
auxiliary accessory
accessory accessary
confirmative collateral
confirming collateral
confirmatory collateral
corroborative collateral
corroboratory collateral
substantiating collateral
substantiative collateral
validating collateral
validatory collateral
verificatory collateral
verifying collateral
supporting encouraging
contradictory confounding
invalidating disconfirming
superable conquerable
unsurmountable insurmountable
unconquerable insuperable
astonied amazed
astonished amazed
astounded amazed
stunned amazed
dumfounded dumbfounded
flabbergasted dumbfounded
stupefied dumbfounded
thunderstruck dumbfounded
dumbstruck dumbfounded
dumbstricken dumbfounded
openmouthed goggle-eyed
popeyed goggle-eyed
not_surprised unsurprised
astonishing amazing
hypersensitive allergic
hypersensitized allergic
hypersensitised allergic
sensitized allergic
sensitised allergic
supersensitive allergic
supersensitized allergic
supersensitised allergic
open capable
subject capable
persuadable convincible
persuasible convincible
suasible convincible
pliable fictile
nonimmune liable
nonresistant liable
unresistant liable
tractable amenable
insusceptible unsusceptible
resistant immune
immunised immunized
vaccinated immunized
unsuasible unpersuadable
waxy impressionable
impressible impressionable
pliant plastic
special extra
unsweet sec
saccharine cloying
syrupy cloying
treacly cloying
acerbic acerb
astringent acerb
acetous acetose
vinegary acetose
vinegarish acetose
acid acidic
acidulent acidic
acidulous acidic
lemonlike lemony
sourish lemony
tangy lemony
tart lemony
sour off
turned off
sweet fresh
unfermented fresh
symmetric symmetrical
isobilateral bilateral
bilaterally_symmetrical bilateral
bilaterally_symmetric bilateral
cruciform cruciate
regular even
stellate radial
radiate radial
centrosymmetric radially_symmetrical
trigonal rhombohedral
asymmetric asymmetrical
unsymmetrical unsymmetric
actinomorphous actinomorphic
bilaterally_symmetrical zygomorphic
zygomorphous zygomorphic
empathetic empathic
unsympathising unsympathizing
appealing sympathetic
likeable sympathetic
likable sympathetic
unappealing unsympathetic
unlikeable unsympathetic
unlikable unsympathetic
historical diachronic
synchronal synchronous
synchronic synchronous
coeval coetaneous
contemporaneous coetaneous
coexisting coexistent
coincidental coincident
coinciding coincident
concurrent coincident
co-occurrent coincident
cooccurring coincident
simultaneous coincident
contemporary contemporaneous
synchronised synchronized
anachronous anachronic
anachronistic anachronic
unsynchronized nonsynchronous
unsynchronised nonsynchronous
unsynchronous nonsynchronous
in_series serial
nonparallel serial
incompatible contrastive
untalkative reticent
gabby chatty
garrulous chatty
loquacious chatty
talkative chatty
talky chatty
discreet discerning
untactful tactless
gangly gangling
lanky gangling
rangy gangling
long-legged leggy
long-shanked leggy
tall-growing leggy
tall-stalked long-stalked
statuesque stately
little short
dumpy chunky
low-set chunky
squat chunky
squatty chunky
stumpy chunky
heavyset compact
stocky compact
thick compact
thickset compact
pint-sized pint-size
runty pint-size
sawed-off pint-size
sawn-off pint-size
squabby squab
tamed tame
broken_in broken
gentle docile
domesticated domestic
untamed wild
ferine feral
savage feral
disorderly chaotic
excited delirious
frantic delirious
mad delirious
unrestrained delirious
manic frenzied
touchable tangible
tactual tactile
impalpable intangible
esthetic aesthetic
artistic aesthetic
unostentatious understated
unpretentious understated
cheap brassy
flash brassy
flashy brassy
garish brassy
gaudy brassy
gimcrack brassy
loud brassy
meretricious brassy
tacky brassy
tatty brassy
tawdry brassy
trashy brassy
campy camp
off-color indelicate
off-colour indelicate
pretentious ostentatious
sour-tasting acid-tasting
ambrosian ambrosial
nectarous ambrosial
sharp-tasting bitterish
semisweet bittersweet
delicious delectable
luscious delectable
pleasant-tasting delectable
scrumptious delectable
toothsome delectable
yummy delectable
flavourful flavorful
flavorous flavorful
flavourous flavorful
flavorsome flavorful
flavoursome flavorful
sapid flavorful
saporous flavorful
racy full-bodied
rich full-bodied
robust full-bodied
spicy hot
grapy grapey
nutlike nutty
savory piquant
savoury piquant
spicy piquant
zesty piquant
acrid pungent
winey winy
flat bland
flavorless bland
flavourless bland
insipid bland
savorless bland
savourless bland
vapid bland
unflavoured unflavored
nonflavored unflavored
nonflavoured unflavored
unseasoned unsalted
nonexempt taxable
rateable ratable
exempt nontaxable
tax-free tax-exempt
untaxed tax-exempt
light abstemious
restrained moderate
heavy big
tight taut
droopy drooping
sagging drooping
slack loose
wound_up aroused
suspenseful cliff-hanging
suspensive cliff-hanging
nail-biting cliff-hanging
fidgety antsy
fretful antsy
itchy antsy
high-strung edgy
highly_strung edgy
jittery edgy
jumpy edgy
nervy edgy
overstrung edgy
restive edgy
uptight edgy
pumped_up pumped-up
pumped pumped-up
wired pumped-up
mellow laid-back
exterritorial extraterritorial
thermoset thermosetting
hairlike capillary
flat compressed
filmy diaphanous
gauzy diaphanous
gauze-like diaphanous
gossamer diaphanous
see-through diaphanous
sheer diaphanous
transparent diaphanous
vaporous diaphanous
vapourous diaphanous
cobwebby diaphanous
filiform filamentous
filamentlike filamentous
threadlike filamentous
thready filamentous
ribbony ribbonlike
clotted clogged
coagulated coagulate
curdled coagulate
grumous coagulate
grumose coagulate
heavy dense
impenetrable dense
gelatinlike gelatinous
jellylike gelatinous
ropey ropy
stringy ropy
thready ropy
viscous syrupy
rarefied rare
rarified rare
ponderable cogitable
imaginable conceivable
supposable presumable
surmisable presumable
inconceivable impossible
out_of_the_question impossible
unimaginable impossible
deep_in_thought bemused
lost bemused
preoccupied bemused
broody brooding
contemplative brooding
meditative brooding
musing brooding
pensive brooding
pondering brooding
reflective brooding
ruminative brooding
unconsidered inconsiderate
unthinking unreflective
unthoughtful unreflective
frugal economical
scotch economical
sparing economical
stinting economical
prodigal extravagant
profligate extravagant
spendthrift extravagant
uneconomic uneconomical
trig clean-cut
trim clean-cut
orderly neat
trim shipshape
well-kept shipshape
unlittered uncluttered
blowzy blowsy
slatternly blowsy
sluttish blowsy
littered cluttered
dishevelled disheveled
frowzled disheveled
rumpled disheveled
tousled disheveled
higgledy-piggledy disorderly
hugger-mugger disorderly
jumbled disorderly
topsy-turvy disorderly
frowzy frowsy
slovenly frowsy
mussy messy
straggling sprawling
rambling sprawling
straggly sprawling
tidy kempt
slicked plastered
well-dressed well-groomed
shaggy bushy
shaggy-haired bushy
shaggy-coated bushy
half-timbered half-timber
beat all_in
bushed all_in
dead all_in
weary aweary
blear bleary
bleary-eyed bleary
blear-eyed bleary
world-weary bored
burnt-out burned-out
drawn careworn
haggard careworn
raddled careworn
worn careworn
flagging drooping
dog-tired exhausted
fagged exhausted
fatigued exhausted
played_out exhausted
spent exhausted
washed-out exhausted
worn-out exhausted
worn_out exhausted
wearied jaded
drained knackered
unrested unrefreshed
invigorated fresh
refreshed fresh
reinvigorated fresh
unwearied untired
unweary untired
endurable bearable
sufferable bearable
supportable bearable
resistant tolerant
unbearable intolerable
unendurable intolerable
insufferable impossible
unacceptable impossible
unsufferable impossible
strict rigid
unkeyed atonal
fine-tooth fine-toothed
sabertoothed saber-toothed
sabre-toothed saber-toothed
edentate edental
edentulate edental
uppermost topmost
upmost topmost
lowermost bottommost
nethermost bottommost
sidelong lateral
flat-top flat-topped
bell-bottom bell-bottomed
bellbottom bell-bottomed
flat-bottom flat-bottomed
round-bottom round-bottomed
pantropic pantropical
tropic tropical
Arctic north-polar
Antarctic south-polar
gristly cartilaginous
rubbery cartilaginous
leathered coriaceous
leatherlike coriaceous
leathery coriaceous
sinewy fibrous
stringy fibrous
unchewable fibrous
fibrous hempen
cuttable chewable
crispy crisp
flakey flaky
tenderised tenderized
toughened tough
callous calloused
thickened calloused
inured enured
hardened enured
untoughened tender
soft delicate
hard-boiled hard-bitten
pugnacious hard-bitten
unsentimental tough-minded
cyanogenic cyanogenetic
venomous deadly
virulent deadly
toxicant poisonous
atoxic nontoxic
non-poisonous nonpoisonous
manipulable tractable
malleable ductile
teachable docile
tameable tamable
balky balking
stubborn refractory
unmanageable uncontrollable
prix_fixe table_d'hote
trackable traceable
half-tracked half-track
untravelled untraveled
cut trimmed
uncut untrimmed
harassed annoyed
harried annoyed
pestered annoyed
vexed annoyed
nervous anxious
queasy anxious
uneasy anxious
unquiet anxious
storm-tossed buffeted
tempest-tossed buffeted
tempest-tost buffeted
tempest-swept buffeted
heavy-laden care-laden
distressed disquieted
disturbed disquieted
upset disquieted
worried disquieted
hard-pressed distressed
hard_put distressed
in_a_bad_way distressed
hagridden hag-ridden
tormented hag-ridden
distressed stressed
unworried carefree
genuine actual
literal actual
real actual
apodeictic apodictic
spurious specious
trusting trustful
unsuspicious unsuspecting
misanthropic cynical
misanthropical cynical
questioning doubting
skeptical doubting
sceptical doubting
green-eyed jealous
overjealous jealous
mistrustful leery
suspicious leery
untrusting leery
wary leery
trusty trustworthy
reliable authentic
responsible creditworthy
honest dependable
reliable dependable
true dependable
trusted sure
untrusty untrustworthy
shifty devious
shady fly-by-night
tricky slippery
upside-down inverted
upset overturned
upturned overturned
revolved rotated
inside-out wrong-side-out
exemplary emblematic
typic emblematic
veritable regular
untypical atypical
underhanded underhand
underarm underhand
overhanded overhand
overarm overhand
opencut opencast
underground belowground
undersea submarine
submersed submerged
underwater submerged
subterraneous subterranean
submergible submersible
nonsubmergible nonsubmersible
swimming liquid
teary-eyed teary
watery-eyed teary
snuffling sniffly
snuffly sniffly
dry-eyed tearless
organised organized
unionized organized
unionised organized
unorganised unorganized
nonunionized unorganized
nonunionised unorganized
twinning biparous
in_agreement agreed
confederate allied
confederative allied
amalgamated amalgamate
coalesced amalgamate
consolidated amalgamate
fused amalgamate
coalescing coalescent
conjugated conjugate
coupled conjugate
federated federate
incorporated incorporate
integrated incorporate
merged incorporate
unified incorporate
unitary one
nonsegmental unsegmented
two-chambered bicameral
biramous bifurcate
branched bifurcate
forked bifurcate
fork-like bifurcate
forficate bifurcate
pronged bifurcate
prongy bifurcate
biloculate bilocular
bisulcate cloven
disunited disconnected
fragmented disconnected
split disconnected
segmental metameric
segmented metameric
tined pronged
sectioned sectional
bivalved bivalve
pelecypod lamellibranch
pelecypodous lamellibranch
rising acclivitous
uphill acclivitous
ascendent ascendant
ascensive ascendant
upward up
downhill declivitous
downward-sloping declivitous
descendent descendant
downward down
falling dropping
up improving
ungulated ungulate
hoofed ungulate
hooved ungulate
unguiculated unguiculate
in_the_lead ahead
leading ahead
dormy dormie
skyward heavenward
upstair upstairs
downstair downstairs
utilised utilized
ill-used exploited
put-upon exploited
used exploited
victimized exploited
victimised exploited
utile useful
recyclable reclaimable
reusable reclaimable
usable useable
ineffectual futile
otiose futile
unavailing futile
unusable unserviceable
unuseable unserviceable
impractical airy
visionary airy
Laputan airy
windy airy
sound legal
effectual legal
logical legitimate
sound reasoned
well-grounded reasoned
uncollectible bad
unsound fallacious
nullified invalidated
void null
sophistical sophistic
priceless invaluable
good-for-naught good-for-nothing
meritless good-for-nothing
no-account good-for-nothing
no-count good-for-nothing
no-good good-for-nothing
sorry good-for-nothing
paltry negligible
trifling negligible
pointless otiose
purposeless otiose
senseless otiose
superfluous otiose
wasted otiose
trashy rubbishy
uncertain changeable
unsettled changeable
constant changeless
invariant changeless
unvarying changeless
strict hard-and-fast
multifaceted many-sided
miscellaneous many-sided
multifarious many-sided
varicoloured varicolored
variegated varicolored
variable varying
various versatile
unvarying unvaried
airy aired
close airless
stuffy airless
unaired airless
unoxygenated unaerated
spineless invertebrate
untouchable unassailable
fierce ferocious
furious ferocious
savage ferocious
raging hot
knock-down-and-drag-out knockdown-dragout
tough ruffianly
peaceful passive
innocent impeccant
sinless impeccant
vicious evil
heinous flagitious
sinful iniquitous
ungodly iniquitous
irredeemable irreclaimable
unredeemable irreclaimable
unreformable irreclaimable
villainous nefarious
peccant peccable
seeable visible
visual ocular
macroscopical macroscopic
gross megascopic
microscopical microscopic
panoptical panoptic
unseeable invisible
hidden concealed
out_of_sight concealed
live-bearing viviparous
vaporific evaporable
vapourific evaporable
vaporizable evaporable
vapourisable evaporable
volatilizable evaporable
volatilisable evaporable
nonvolatilizable nonvolatile
nonvolatilisable nonvolatile
wilful willful
unforced uncoerced
willing uncoerced
volunteer unpaid
nonvoluntary involuntary
unvoluntary involuntary
goaded driven
reflex automatic
reflexive automatic
undefendable assailable
undefended assailable
open assailable
defenceless defenseless
unsafe insecure
under_fire under_attack
air-tight airtight
shellproof bombproof
defensible defendable
inviolable impregnable
secure impregnable
strong impregnable
unassailable impregnable
unattackable impregnable
desired craved
wished-for longed-for
yearned-for longed-for
sought-after sought
discarded cast-off
throwaway cast-off
thrown-away cast-off
outcast friendless
casteless outcaste
unsought undesired
unwished unwelcome
unwished-for unwelcome
tepid lukewarm
homeothermic homoiothermic
homothermic homoiothermic
poikilothermous poikilothermic
heterothermic poikilothermic
ectothermic poikilothermic
drip-dry wash-and-wear
acceleratory accelerative
maximising maximizing
profit-maximising profit-maximizing
depreciative depreciating
depreciatory depreciating
tapering dwindling
tapering_off dwindling
diminuendo decrescendo
ritardando rallentando
ritenuto rallentando
rit. rallentando
symptomless asymptomatic
healed cured
recovered cured
sick ill
stricken afflicted
indisposed ailing
peaked ailing
poorly ailing
sickly ailing
unwell ailing
under_the_weather ailing
seedy ailing
air_sick airsick
carsick airsick
seasick airsick
bedridden bedfast
bedrid bedfast
sick-abed bedfast
liverish bilious
livery bilious
recovering convalescent
hallucinating delirious
giddy dizzy
woozy dizzy
vertiginous dizzy
light faint
swooning faint
light-headed faint
lightheaded faint
feverous feverish
stricken laid_low
nauseous nauseated
queasy nauseated
sick nauseated
sickish nauseated
paralyzed paralytic
rachitic rickety
tuberculous tubercular
dewy bedewed
marshy boggy
miry boggy
mucky boggy
muddy boggy
quaggy boggy
sloppy boggy
sloughy boggy
soggy boggy
squashy boggy
swampy boggy
waterlogged boggy
dank clammy
dampish damp
moist damp
soppy sodden
drizzly drippy
steamy muggy
sticky muggy
watery reeking
rainy showery
steamy steaming
baked adust
parched adust
scorched adust
sunbaked adust
waterless arid
bone_dry bone-dry
dried-out desiccated
sere dried-up
sear dried-up
shriveled dried-up
shrivelled dried-up
withered dried-up
lactating wet
hydrated hydrous
working-class wage-earning
alimental alimentary
nourishing alimentary
nutrient alimentary
nutritious alimentary
nutritive alimentary
salubrious healthy
good_for_you healthy
satisfying hearty
solid hearty
square hearty
substantial hearty
unhealthful insalubrious
unhealthy insalubrious
jejune insubstantial
nauseous nauseating
noisome nauseating
queasy nauseating
loathsome nauseating
offensive nauseating
sickening nauseating
vile nauseating
broad wide
panoramic bird's-eye
constrictive constricting
narrowing constricting
thin slender
tapering tapered
narrowing tapered
marginal bare
unmanageable unwieldy
bunglesome awkward
clumsy awkward
ungainly awkward
cumbrous cumbersome
periwigged peruked
fain disposed
inclined disposed
prepared disposed
happy glad
loth loath
reluctant loath
unwilled unintentional
alary alar
aliform alar
wing-shaped alar
alated alate
short-winged brachypterous
apteral apterous
omniscient all-knowing
sagacious perspicacious
sapient perspicacious
cockeyed absurd
derisory absurd
idiotic absurd
laughable absurd
ludicrous absurd
nonsensical absurd
preposterous absurd
ridiculous absurd
fatuous asinine
inane asinine
mindless asinine
vacuous asinine
cockamamy cockamamie
goofy cockamamie
sappy cockamamie
silly cockamamie
wacky cockamamie
whacky cockamamie
zany cockamamie
insane harebrained
mad harebrained
misguided ill-conceived
rattlepated rattlebrained
scatterbrained rattlebrained
scatty rattlebrained
arboreous arboraceous
woodsy arboraceous
woody arboraceous
brushy bosky
brambly braky
scrubby scrabbly
silvan sylvan
treeless unwooded
birchen birch
birken birch
squashy pulpy
secular worldly
temporal worldly
mercenary materialistic
worldly-minded materialistic
terrestrial mundane
eremitic anchoritic
eremitical anchoritic
hermitic anchoritic
hermitical anchoritic
cloistral cloistered
conventual cloistered
monastic cloistered
monastical cloistered
unearthly spiritual
decrepit creaky
derelict creaky
flea-bitten creaky
run-down creaky
woebegone creaky
eared dog-eared
scoured eroded
mangey mangy
mothy moth-eaten
worn-out raddled
ratty moth-eaten
shabby moth-eaten
tatty moth-eaten
seedy scruffy
shopsoiled shopworn
tatterdemalion tattered
worm-eaten vermiculate
wormy vermiculate
weatherworn weather-beaten
weathered weather-beaten
commendable applaudable
laudable applaudable
praiseworthy applaudable
worth deserving
model exemplary
meritable meritorious
notable noteworthy
precious valued
worthful valuable
unworthy undeserving
reentrant re-entrant
baptised baptized
unbaptised unbaptized
shell-less unshelled
nonflowering flowerless
vegetational vegetal
vegetative vegetal
abatic abasic
Abkhazian abkhaz
acapnial acapnic
acapnotic acapnic
acinous acinar
acinose acinar
acinic acinar
acrogenous acrogenic
actinometrical actinometric
actinomycetous actinomycetal
aculeated aculeate
adjudicatory adjudicative
annexal adnexal
sympathomimetic adrenergic
ASAT antisatellite
aeronautic aeronautical
medical aesculapian
affixial affixal
agrobiological agrobiologic
agrological agrologic
agronomical agronomic
alabastrine alabaster
albinotic albinal
albinic albinal
albinistic albinal
alchemical alchemic
alchemistical alchemistic
algometrical algometric
Algonkian algonquian
Algonquin algonquian
allelomorphic allelic
allotropical allotropic
alphabetical alphabetic
alphanumerical alphanumeric
alphameric alphanumeric
alphamerical alphanumeric
amoeboid ameboid
amenorrhoeic amenorrheic
amenorrheal amenorrheic
amenorrhoeal amenorrheic
aminic amino
ammoniacal ammoniac
amnesic amnestic
amnionic amniotic
amnic amniotic
amphitheatrical amphitheatric
ampullary ampullar
anaglyphical anaglyphic
anaglyptic anaglyphic
anaglyptical anaglyphic
anagogical anagogic
anagrammatical anagrammatic
stigmatic anastigmatic
androgenous androgenetic
anemometrical anemometric
anencephalous anencephalic
anestric anestrous
anoestrous anestrous
anginose anginal
anginous anginal
angiocarpous angiocarpic
animistic animist
anisogamous anisogamic
annelidan annelid
anodal anodic
anosmatic anosmic
antennary antennal
anthropical anthropic
anthropogenic anthropogenetic
anthropometrical anthropometric
antineoplastic anticancer
antitumor anticancer
antitumour anticancer
anticlimactical anticlimactic
antimonious antimonic
antiphonal antiphonary
antipodean antipodal
antitypical antitypic
batrachian anuran
salientian anuran
anuric anuretic
aortic aortal
apheretic aphaeretic
apnoeic apneic
apogametic apogamic
apogamous apogamic
apomictical apomictic
apoplectoid apoplectiform
apothegmatical apothegmatic
appositive appositional
arachnidian arachnoid
spidery arachnoid
spiderlike arachnoid
spiderly arachnoid
Aramaean aramean
araneidan araneidal
arbitrational arbitral
arboreal arborical
arborary arborical
arborous arborical
archeological archaeological
archaeologic archaeological
archeologic archaeological
archangelical archangelic
archegoniate archegonial
archepiscopal archiepiscopal
areolate areolar
araceous aroid
arthropodan arthropodal
arthropodous arthropodal
arthrosporous arthrosporic
articulary articular
articulative articulatory
artiodactylous artiodactyl
even-toed artiodactyl
ascetical ascetic
ascosporous ascosporic
stomatous stomatal
stomatous stomatal
astronautical astronautic
astronomical astronomic
atactic ataxic
auriculoventricular atrioventricular
aurorean auroral
auric aurous
autarchical autarchic
autarkical autarchic
auctorial authorial
autobiographic autobiographical
autobiographic autobiographical
autophytic autotrophic
axiomatical axiomatic
postulational axiomatic
aphoristic axiomatic
avellane avellan
avifaunistic avifaunal
axial axile
uremic azotemic
uraemic azotemic
berrylike baccate
bacillary bacillar
bacteriophagous bacteriophagic
bacteroid bacteroidal
bacterioidal bacteroidal
bacterioid bacteroidal
balsamy balsamic
barometrical barometric
basilary basilar
batholitic batholithic
bathymetrical bathymetric
behaviorist behavioristic
behaviouristic behavioristic
behaviourist behavioristic
benedictive benedictory
benthal benthic
benthonic benthic
biaxal biaxial
biaxate biaxial
bibliographical bibliographic
bibliothecarial bibliothecal
biliary bilious
bimetallic bimetallistic
biogeographical biogeographic
biologic biological
sociobiological sociobiologic
botanical botanic
botryoidal botryoid
boytrose botryoid
brachiopodous brachiopod
bracted bracteate
brahminical brahminic
branchiopodan branchiopod
branchiopodous branchiopod
brasslike brassy
wideband broadband
cacodaemonic cacodemonic
cadaveric cadaverous
chalky calcareous
calceiform calceolate
calendrical calendric
calycine calyceal
calycinal calyceal
calicular calycular
calycled calyculate
campanular campanulate
campanulated campanulate
laniary canine
capitulary capitular
carbonylic carbonyl
carboxylic carboxyl
cardiorespiratory cardiopulmonary
Carolean caroline
cartographical cartographic
carunculous caruncular
carunculated carunculate
katabolic catabolic
catachrestical catachrestic
catapultian catapultic
categoric categorical
catoptrical catoptric
caecal cecal
heavenly celestial
heavenly celestial
integumental integumentary
coenobitic cenobitic
cenobitical cenobitic
coenobitical cenobitic
eremitical eremitic
centralistic centralist
cephalopodan cephalopod
cetaceous cetacean
chaetognathous chaetognathan
chafflike chaffy
Chaldaean chaldean
Chaldee chaldean
papery chartaceous
paperlike chartaceous
chelated chelate
chelicerate cheliceral
chemic chemical
chemotherapeutical chemotherapeutic
chiasmic chiasmal
chiasmatic chiasmal
chimerical chimeric
chimeral chimeric
chlorophyllous chlorophyllose
greensick chlorotic
civic civil
cleistogamic cleistogamous
cloven-footed cloven-hoofed
collagenic collagenous
collegial collegiate
colorimetrical colorimetric
cosmological cosmologic
cosmological cosmologic
cosmogonic cosmologic
cosmogonical cosmologic
cosmogenic cosmologic
co-referent coreferential
cormose cormous
crustacean crustaceous
cryptographic cryptanalytic
cryptographical cryptanalytic
cryptologic cryptanalytic
cryptological cryptanalytic
cryptogamous cryptogamic
comb-like ctenoid
cuprous cupric
cytoarchitectonic cytoarchitectural
cytoplasmatic cytoplasmic
cytogenetical cytogenetic
cytologic cytological
czaristic czarist
tsarist czarist
tsaristic czarist
tzarist czarist
despotical despotic
diametric diametral
diametrical diametral
sudorific diaphoretic
dimorphous dimorphic
cacogenic dysgenic
Europocentric eurocentric
economical economic
cataphoretic electrophoretic
static electrostatic
empyreal empyrean
aeonian eonian
parasitic epenthetic
extradural epidural
pontifical episcopal
estuarial estuarine
exegetical exegetic
factor_analytic factor_analytical
ferrous ferric
feudalistic feudal
feverish febrile
fiberoptic fiber-optic
fibre-optic fiber-optic
fibreoptic fiber-optic
wide-angle fisheye
flakey flaky
sarcoid fleshy
foliated foliate
formalized formalistic
formalised formalistic
three-wheeled three-wheel
four-wheeled four-wheel
Galilaean galilean
stomachic gastric
stomachal gastric
genetical genetic
genetic genic
genetical genic
mental genial
geometrical geometric
geothermic geothermal
graphical graphic
gravitative gravitational
hair-shirted hair-shirt
Hassidic hasidic
Chasidic hasidic
Chassidic hasidic
heliac heliacal
haematopoietic hematopoietic
hemopoietic hematopoietic
haemopoietic hematopoietic
hematogenic hematopoietic
haematogenic hematopoietic
haemorrhagic hemorrhagic
homonymous homonymic
homostylic homostylous
homostyled homostylous
hex hexadecimal
hexagonal hexangular
hieroglyphical hieroglyphic
hieroglyphical hieroglyphic
humanistic humanist
humane humanist
humanist humanistic
humanistic humanist
hydrographical hydrographic
idealistic ideal
immunologic immunological
impressionistic impressionist
illative inferential
interlineal interlinear
nonpolar nonionic
ischaemic ischemic
juridical judicial
juridic judicial
juridic juridical
large-capitalisation large-capitalization
large-cap large-capitalization
sudsy lathery
lexicalised lexicalized
limacoid limacine
logographic logogrammatic
lucifugal lucifugous
sublunary sublunar
cislunar sublunar
translunary translunar
superlunar translunar
superlunary translunar
Mandean mandaean
Manichean manichaean
Manichee manichaean
prejudicious prejudicial
pre-Socratic presocratic
mercurous mercuric
myotic miotic
missional missionary
Monophysitic monophysite
mousey mousy
medullated myelinated
neotenous neotenic
numerical numeral
numeric numeral
olfactive olfactory
oligarchical oligarchic
single-humped one-humped
pachydermal pachydermatous
pachydermic pachydermatous
pachydermous pachydermatous
palaeontological paleontological
volar palmar
parheliacal parhelic
pecuniary monetary
phonologic phonological
photometrical photometric
planetary planetal
terrestrial planetary
plumbous plumbic
plutocratical plutocratic
polydactylous polydactyl
ceremonious pompous
positivistic positivist
positive positivist
pragmatical pragmatic
presymptomatic preclinical
prodromic prodromal
prostatic prostate
radiophonic radiotelephonic
refractile refractive
Rumansh romansh
romanticist romantic
romanticistic romantic
ropey ropy
aquacultural aquicultural
hydroponic aquicultural
sacculate sacculated
sarcolemnous sarcolemmic
sclerosed sclerotic
self-aggrandising self-aggrandizing
semiotical semiotic
sensory sensational
sepaline sepaloid
septate septal
silicious siliceous
societal social
spermatic spermous
splenetic splenic
lienal splenic
slivery splintery
stannous stannic
astral stellar
stenographical stenographic
sulphurous sulfurous
supraocular supraorbital
symbolical symbolic
syncretical syncretic
syncretistic syncretic
syncretistical syncretic
syncretical syncretic
syncretistic syncretic
syncretistical syncretic
synaesthetic synesthetic
proficient technical
technological technical
telluric tellurian
terrestrial tellurian
terrene tellurian
sinewy tendinous
thenar thenal
thermic thermal
caloric thermal
thermoelectrical thermoelectric
titulary titular
tonal tonic
topologic topological
totalistic totalitarian
double-humped two-humped
two-wheeled two-wheel
uniovulate uniovular
uveous uveal
vacuolated vacuolate
pneumogastric vagal
valetudinary valetudinarian
variolic variolar
variolous variolar
atheistic atheist
atheistical atheist
electrical electric
galvanic voltaic
photoelectrical photoelectric
isomorphic isomorphous
Linnean linnaean
atmospherical atmospheric
amphibian amphibious
fungous fungal
antifungal fungicidal
funguslike fungoid
vegetive vegetative
parasitical parasitic
cyanophyte cyanobacterial
pentagonal pentangular
octagonal octangular
neoclassicistic neoclassicist
expressionistic expressionist
postmodern postmodernist
residuary residual
bistred bistered
vulpecular vulpine
wolfish wolflike
vulval vulvar
clitoric clitoral
spacial spatial
sigmoidal sigmoid
bovid bovine
lingual linguistic
nuptial bridal
spousal bridal
Caucasic caucasian
craniometrical craniometric
conical conic
conelike conic
cone-shaped conic
ciliate ciliary
ciliate ciliary
cilial ciliary
counterterrorist counterterror
cyprinoid cyprinid
dietetic dietary
dietetical dietary
diluvial diluvian
antediluvial antediluvian
financial fiscal
fiducial fiduciary
epistemological epistemic
haemal hemal
hematal hemal
haematal hemal
haemic hemic
hematic hemic
haematic hemic
hemophilic haemophilic
chylous chylaceous
chylifactive chylific
chylifactory chylific
sanious ichorous
ictic ictal
pyrogenic igneous
pyrogenous igneous
matrimonial marital
married marital
sulfurized sulphuretted
sulfuretted sulphuretted
mastoidal mastoid
lacertilian saurian
vinaceous vinous
algebraical algebraic
scriptural biblical
polymorphous polymorphic
polymorphic polymorphous
polyphonous polyphonic
pericardiac pericardial
poetical poetic
phonic phonetic
philosophical philosophic
acronymous acronymic
apostolical apostolic
eudaemonic eudemonic
eucaryotic eukaryotic
procaryotic prokaryotic
thoracic pectoral
pathologic pathological
pictural pictorial
accusative objective
genitive possessive
nucleate nucleated
splanchnic visceral
mystical mystic
mystical mystic
carbonous carbonaceous
carbonic carbonaceous
carboniferous carbonaceous
millennian millennial
chiliastic millenarian
meteorological meteorologic
meteoric meteorologic
mesodermal mesoblastic
acoustical acoustic
audile auditory
auditive auditory
gustative gustatory
gustatorial gustatory
tactile haptic
tactual haptic
optic ocular
optical ocular
visual ocular
optic ocular
optical ocular
opthalmic ocular
subocular suborbital
kinaesthetic kinesthetic
angelical angelic
seraphical seraphic
connubial conjugal
communistic communist
Bolshevist bolshevik
Bolshevistic bolshevik
cutaneal cutaneous
dermal cutaneous
dermic dermal
epidermal cuticular
epidermic cuticular
dermal cuticular
ectodermic ectodermal
endermatic endermic
subcutaneous hypodermic
hypoglycaemic hypoglycemic
hypovolaemic hypovolemic
intradermic intradermal
intracutaneous intradermal
inframaxillary mandibular
lachrymal lacrimal
lachrymal lacrimal
lachrymatory lacrimatory
catamenial menstrual
apostolic papal
apostolical papal
pontifical papal
grammatic grammatical
syntactical syntactic
venereal genital
GU genitourinary
renal nephritic
monoatomic monatomic
copulatory coital
polyphase multiphase
maritime nautical
marine nautical
pelagic oceanic
endovenous intravenous
mechanically_skillful mechanical
protozoan protozoal
protozoic protozoal
foetal fetal
doctorial doctoral
paediatric pediatric
neuronal neural
neuronic neural
pastoral bucolic
mnemotechnic mnemonic
mnemotechnical mnemonic
documental documentary
anatomical anatomic
anatomical anatomic
architectonic tectonic
organisational organizational
ecclesiastic ecclesiastical
hieratic priestly
hieratical priestly
sacerdotal priestly
macrencephalous macrencephalic
macrocephalous macrocephalic
microcephalous microcephalic
nanocephalic microcephalic
computer_readable machine_readable
mucose mucous
mucoidal mucoid
neural nervous
geologic geological
psychogenic psychogenetic
ecologic ecological
bionomical ecological
bionomic ecological
ecologic ecological
thermodynamical thermodynamic
seismologic seismological
calligraphical calligraphic
lexicographical lexicographic
typographical typographic
necromantical necromantic
spiritualist spiritualistic
supernaturalistic supernaturalist
pharmacologic pharmacological
toxicologic toxicological
psychiatrical psychiatric
oncologic oncological
psychoanalytic psychoanalytical
therapeutical therapeutic
neuroanatomical neuroanatomic
bacteriologic bacteriological
endocrinal endocrine
periodontal periodontic
dermatological dermatologic
gerontological geriatric
gynaecological gynecological
gynecologic gynecological
haematological hematologic
hematological hematologic
obstetrical obstetric
neurologic neurological
spectroscopical spectroscopic
microscopical microscopic
insurrectionary insurrectional
conspirative conspiratorial
pietistical pietistic
fascistic fascist
Romanic roman
R.C. roman
Romanist roman
romish roman
Roman_Catholic roman
popish roman
papist roman
papistic roman
papistical roman
Judaic jewish
Judaical judaic
Moslem muslim
Islamic muslim
Hindi hindu
Hindoo hindu
Buddhistic buddhist
Shintoist shinto
Shintoistic shinto
Jainist jain
Tantrik tantric
Amerind indian
Amerindic indian
Native_American indian
subtropic subtropical
semitropical subtropical
semitropic subtropical
rabbinic rabbinical
theistical theist
theistic theist
deistic deist
pantheistic pantheist
measured mensural
mensurable mensural
dizygous dizygotic
lobated lobate
pulmonary pneumonic
pulmonic pneumonic
enteric intestinal
enteral intestinal
adjective adjectival
anapaestic anapestic
revolutionary rotatory
epicyclical epicyclic
expiative expiatory
propitiatory expiatory
etiologic etiological
aetiological etiological
aetiologic etiological
etiologic etiological
aetiological etiological
aetiologic etiological
behavioural behavioral
phenotypic phenotypical
genotypic genotypical
phyletic phylogenetic
trabeculate trabecular
transdermic transdermal
percutaneous transdermal
transcutaneous transdermal
pedagogic pedagogical
Manichaean dualistic
morphological morphologic
structural morphologic
geomorphological geomorphologic
morphologic geomorphologic
morphological geomorphologic
structural geomorphologic
morphological morphologic
strategical strategic
circulatory circulative
euphonical euphonic
metamorphous metamorphic
universalist universalistic
Calvinistic calvinist
Calvinistical calvinist
fundamentalistic fundamentalist
Jewish-Orthodox orthodox
Eastern_Orthodox orthodox
Russian_Orthodox orthodox
Greek_Orthodox orthodox
Congregationalist congregational
Episcopalian episcopal
Wesleyan methodist
Gaelic celtic
Germanic teutonic
Gallic french
Lusitanian portuguese
Norse norwegian
Norse scandinavian
Magyar hungarian
Czechoslovakian czech
Yugoslav yugoslavian
Rumanian romanian
Roumanian romanian
Nipponese japanese
Argentinian argentine
Asiatic asian
Kampuchean cambodian
Salvadorean salvadoran
Tyrolese tyrolean
Nepali nepalese
Genovese genoese
operculated operculate
GI gastrointestinal
gastronomical gastronomic
epidemiological epidemiologic
quantized quantal
Monegasque monacan
nasal rhinal
perirhinal perinasal
auricular otic
rheological rheologic
meteoritical meteoritic
cometic cometary
thyroidal thyroid
catechetic catechetical
catechetic catechistic
volumetrical volumetric
yogic yogistic
logistical logistic
organismic organismal
artefactual artifactual
serological serologic
chromatographical chromatographic
nativistic nativist
nativistic nativist
congenerical congeneric
congenerous congeneric
mediaeval medieval
epiphysial epiphyseal
diaphysial diaphyseal
esthetic aesthetic
futurist futuristic
geodesic geodetic
geodesical geodetic
heraldist heraldic
locomotor locomotive
marmoreal marmorean
mesic mesonic
metrical metric
palatine palatal
parabolical parabolic
semicentenary semicentennial
centenary centennial
bicentenary bicentennial
tricentennial tricentenary
Nazi national_socialist
capitalistic capitalist
zymolytic zymotic
holographical holographic
canonical canonic
canonical canonic
nutritionary nutritional
gravimetric hydrometric
thermogravimetric thermohydrometric
Afghan afghani
Afghanistani afghani
idiomatical idiomatic
waxy waxen
iodized iodinated
iodised iodinated
dramaturgical dramaturgic
aneurismal aneurysmal
aneurysmatic aneurysmal
aneurismatic aneurysmal
philatelical philatelic
haemolytic hemolytic
atheromatic atheromatous
celiac coeliac
pycnotic pyknotic
papillose papillary
hypophysial hypophyseal
microbic microbial
flagellated flagellate
whiplike flagellate
lash-like flagellate
epical epic
Hellenistic hellenic
Hellenistical hellenic
Pan-Hellenic panhellenic
Grecian greek
Hellenic greek
topographic topographical
taxonomical taxonomic
systematic taxonomic
mithraistic mithraic
patristical patristic
cubistic cubist
geographical geographic
fruticose shrubby
fruticulose shrubby
propagandistic propagandist
isolationistic isolationist
dialectical dialectic
Eurasiatic eurasian
Maroc moroccan
Scottish scots
Scotch scots
soapy saponaceous
umbellar umbellate
Shakespearean shakespearian
Aristotelean aristotelian
Aristotelic aristotelian
peripatetic aristotelian
Caesarean caesarian
cesarian cesarean
caesarean cesarean
caesarian cesarean
Coleridgean coleridgian
Dantesque dantean
Donnian donnean
Dostoyevskian dostoevskian
Goethian goethean
Huxleian huxleyan
Leibnitzian leibnizian
Lincolnian lincolnesque
Mohammedan muhammadan
Mozartean mozartian
eponymic eponymous
Stravinskian stravinskyan
Voltarean voltarian
Hebraical hebraic
Hebrew hebraic
Hebraical hebraic
Hebrew hebraic
aldermanly aldermanic
word-blind alexic
amebic amoebic
amoeban amoebic
ameban amoebic
amoebous amoebic
amebous amoebic
anaemic anemic
anesthetic anaesthetic
Afrikaner afrikaans
premarital prenuptial
antenuptial prenuptial
antisemitic anti-semitic
appellant appellate
arithmetic arithmetical
East_Pakistani bangladeshi
biographical biographic
bitumenoid bituminoid
divalent bivalent
bladderlike bladdery
blastematic blastemal
blastemic blastemal
blastodermic blastodermatic
blastoporic blastoporal
blastular blastospheric
boracic boric
Burundian burundi
casuistical casuistic
casuistical casuistic
climatical climatic
commemorating commemorative
wrinkleproof creaseproof
crease-resistant creaseproof
wrinkle-resistant creaseproof
credal creedal
cyclonal cyclonic
cyclonical cyclonic
cyclonal cyclonic
cyclonical cyclonic
Cypriote cyprian
Cypriot cyprian
Delphian delphic
demagogical demagogic
empirical empiric
enteral enteric
entomologic entomological
endozoan entozoan
ectozoan epizoan
ethnographical ethnographic
ethnologic ethnological
euclidean euclidian
fatalistic fatalist
fecal faecal
Philippine filipino
genealogical genealogic
Ghanese ghanaian
Ghanian ghanaian
gonadotrophic gonadotropic
Latino hispanic
histologic histological
hip-length hiplength
homiletical homiletic
homiletical homiletic
imperialist imperialistic
Indo-Aryan indo-european
Aryan indo-european
Indo-Germanic indo-european
Persian iranian
Iraki iraqi
Jacobinical jacobinic
Javan javanese
Jesuitic jesuitical
Jesuit jesuitical
Latin romance
Malayan malay
Malayan malaysian
Mauritian mauritanian
metallurgic metallurgical
Mongolian mongol
Moresque moorish
Neanderthalian neanderthal
Neandertal neanderthal
nebulous nebular
palaeolithic paleolithic
Nicene nicaean
Nigerien nigerian
nitrogen-bearing nitrogenous
nitric azotic
nitrous azotic
Olympic olympian
declarative indicative
orthopaedic orthopedic
orthopedical orthopedic
paralytical paralytic
penial penile
pharmaceutic pharmaceutical
phosphoric phosphorous
piscatory piscatorial
multinomial polynomial
praetorial praetorian
pretorian praetorian
pretorial praetorian
Punic carthaginian
purging purgatorial
purifying purgatorial
pyaemic pyemic
pyroelectrical pyroelectric
pyrogenous pyrogenic
pyrogenetic pyrogenic
pyrolignic pyroligneous
pyrotechnical pyrotechnic
Katari qatari
quadriphonic quadraphonic
quadrasonic quadraphonic
quadrisonic quadraphonic
quincentenary quincentennial
Kechuan quechuan
recessive recessionary
redemptional redemptive
redemptory redemptive
antiphonal responsive
rhomboidal rhomboid
Romani romany
Ruandan rwandan
sabbatic sabbatical
satyrical satyric
Saudi saudi-arabian
saxatile saxicolous
saxicoline saxicolous
schismatical schismatic
schizophrenic schizoid
Semitic semite
Tai thai
Siamese thai
Tai thai
Siamese thai
Tai thai
Siamese thai
Sinhalese singhalese
Singhalese sinhala
Sinhalese sinhala
Ceylonese sri_lankan
Slavic slavonic
small-capitalisation small-capitalization
small-cap small-capitalization
Somali somalian
sulfuric sulphuric
Chinese taiwanese
Formosan taiwanese
voyeuristical voyeuristic
Cambrian welsh
whole-wheat wheaten
wholemeal wheaten
woollen woolen
Zairese zairean
zonary zonal
philhellene philhellenic
Graecophile philhellenic
Graecophilic philhellenic
alar axillary
rupicolous rupestral
shallow-draught shallow-draft
shamanistic shamanist
servo servomechanical
onomatopoetic onomatopoeic
osteal osseous
bony osseous
ossiculate ossicular
absolutistic absolutist
acculturative acculturational
streptococcic streptococcal
strep streptococcal
undulant undulatory
viscosimetric viscometric
virucidal viricidal
cuneal wedge-shaped
cuneiform wedge-shaped
yeastlike yeasty
.22_caliber 
.22-caliber 
.22_calibre 
.22-calibre 
.38_caliber 
.38-caliber 
.38_calibre 
.38-calibre 
.45_caliber 
.45-caliber 
.45_calibre 
.45-calibre 
graduated calibrated
gathered collected
ungathered uncollected
handheld hand-held
hypophysectomised hypophysectomized
mercerised mercerized
oxidised oxidized
pasteurised pasteurized
unpasteurised unpasteurized
pencilled penciled
carinate ridged
carinated ridged
keeled ridged
sanitised sanitized
sublimated sublimed
tittering thoriated
