dorsal abaxial
ventral adaxial
abducting abducent
adductive adducent
adducting adducent
emerging emergent
shortened cut
uncut full-length
unquestioning implicit
comparative relative
absorptive absorbent
sorbefacient absorbefacient
assimilative assimilating
assimilatory assimilating
spongelike spongy
nonabsorptive nonabsorbent
resistant repellent
adsorptive adsorbent
surface-assimilative adsorbent
chemosorptive chemisorptive
nonadsorptive nonadsorbent
adsorbate adsorbable
abstentious abstinent
ascetical ascetic
austere ascetic
spartan ascetic
crapulous crapulent
esurient edacious
rapacious edacious
ravening edacious
ravenous edacious
voracious edacious
wolfish edacious
piggish hoggish
piggy hoggish
porcine hoggish
swinish hoggish
too-greedy overgreedy
ideational conceptional
notional conceptional
ideologic ideological
tangible real
galore abounding
copious ample
plenteous ample
plentiful ample
rich ample
voluminous copious
lush exuberant
luxuriant exuberant
profuse exuberant
riotous exuberant
plethoric overabundant
rife overabundant
ill-treated abused
maltreated abused
mistreated abused
unimpeachable unexceptionable
objectionable exceptionable
reachable approachable
get-at-able come-at-able
getatable come-at-able
ready_to_hand handy
unaccessible inaccessible
remote outback
roadless pathless
trackless pathless
untracked pathless
untrod pathless
untrodden pathless
unreachable unapproachable
unreached unapproachable
out_of_reach unapproachable
un-get-at-able un-come-at-able
ungetatable un-come-at-able
accommodative accommodating
obliging complaisant
unobliging unaccommodating
uncooperative disobliging
faithful close
hi-fi high-fidelity
dead_on_target true
right veracious
outside away
incorrect faulty
wrong faulty
wide_of_the_mark wide
wont_to used_to
alkalic alkaline
alcalescent alkalescent
amphiprotic amphoteric
acidophilous acidophilic
aciduric acidophilic
recognized accepted
recognised accepted
granted given
unsung unappreciated
unvalued unappreciated
secret unavowed
unrecognised unrecognized
covetous avaricious
grabby avaricious
grasping avaricious
greedy avaricious
prehensile avaricious
predacious predaceous
predatory predaceous
ravening rapacious
voracious rapacious
astir about
athletic acrobatic
gymnastic acrobatic
nimble agile
quick agile
spry agile
overactive hyperactive
deskbound desk-bound
dormant abeyant
underactive hypoactive
sluggish inert
soggy inert
torpid inert
slow dull
sluggish dull
unused idle
activistic activist
inactive passive
supine resistless
unresisting resistless
inactive dormant
live alive
dynamic active
existent actual
possible potential
adaptative adaptive
reconciling accommodative
nonadaptive dysfunctional
alcohol-dependent alcoholic
dependant dependent
drug-addicted dependent
hooked dependent
strung-out dependent
habit-forming addictive
cumulative accumulative
addible addable
additional extra
complementary complemental
completing complemental
summative summational
supplemental supplementary
equal adequate
capable adequate_to
equal_to adequate_to
up_to adequate_to
unequal inadequate
lacking deficient
wanting deficient
incompetent incapable
unequal_to incapable
short-staffed short-handed
undermanned short-handed
understaffed short-handed
agglutinative agglutinate
tenacious coherent
glutinous gluey
gummy gluey
mucilaginous gluey
pasty gluey
sticky gluey
viscid gluey
viscous gluey
icky gooey
gummy gummed
resinous pitchy
resiny pitchy
tarry pitchy
nonviscid nonglutinous
non-resinous nonresinous
nonresiny nonresinous
non-resiny nonresinous
procedural adjective
essential substantive
decorated adorned
gemmed beady
jeweled beady
jewelled beady
sequined beady
spangled beady
spangly beady
monocled bespectacled
spectacled bespectacled
embossed brocaded
raised brocaded
cloisonne champleve
tinseled clinquant
tinselly clinquant
plumed crested
topknotted crested
tufted crested
feathered feathery
plumy feathery
frilly frilled
ruffled frilled
wainscoted paneled
tasselled tasseled
undecorated unadorned
bare plain
spare plain
unembellished plain
unornamented plain
neat clean
cunning clever
ingenious clever
co-ordinated coordinated
dexterous deft
dextrous deft
nimble-fingered light-fingered
bungling bumbling
butterfingered bumbling
ham-fisted bumbling
ham-handed bumbling
handless bumbling
heavy-handed bumbling
left-handed bumbling
tactless inept
nonmechanical unmechanical
good beneficial
positive plus
preferential discriminatory
negative minus
adventuresome adventurous
daring audacious
venturesome audacious
venturous audacious
swashbuckling swaggering
best better
unadvisable inadvisable
advised well-advised
unadvised ill-advised
aerophilic aerobic
aerophilous aerobic
anaerobiotic anaerobic
esthetic aesthetic
aesthetical aesthetic
esthetical aesthetic
enhancive cosmetic
unaesthetic inaesthetic
unartistic inartistic
stricken smitten
struck smitten
unswayed uninfluenced
untouched uninfluenced
unnatural affected
strained agonistic
contrived artificial
hokey artificial
stilted artificial
forced constrained
strained constrained
natural lifelike
affirmatory affirmative
dissenting dissentient
dissident dissentient
afeared afeard
appalled aghast
dismayed aghast
shocked aghast
scared frightened
horror-stricken horrified
horror-struck horrified
aquaphobic hydrophobic
panicked panicky
panic-stricken panicky
panic-struck panicky
terrified panicky
frightened panicky
terror-struck terror-stricken
fearless unafraid
unflinching unblinking
unintimidated unblinking
unshrinking unblinking
bellicose battleful
combative battleful
militant competitive
high-pressure hard-hitting
rapacious predatory
raptorial predatory
ravening predatory
vulturine predatory
vulturous predatory
rough pugnacious
nonaggressive unaggressive
emotional aroused
excited aroused
worked_up aroused
overwrought distraught
shaken jolted
hectic feverish
frenetic frantic
phrenetic frantic
frenzied frantic
roiling churning
roiled churning
roily churning
turbulent churning
churned-up churning
ruffled rippled
bothersome annoying
galling annoying
irritating annoying
nettlesome annoying
pesky annoying
pestering annoying
pestiferous annoying
plaguy annoying
plaguey annoying
teasing annoying
vexatious annoying
vexing annoying
abrasive harsh
nerve-wracking nerve-racking
stressful nerve-racking
trying nerve-racking
air-to-ground air-to-surface
watchful alert
open-eyed argus-eyed
vigilant argus-eyed
wakeful argus-eyed
wide-awake heads-up
sleepless lidless
unwatchful unalert
unvigilant unalert
conveyable assignable
negotiable assignable
transferable assignable
transferrable assignable
unalienable inalienable
infrangible absolute
inviolable absolute
unassignable nontransferable
untransferable nontransferable
live alive
at_peace asleep
at_rest asleep
deceased asleep
departed asleep
gone asleep
exsanguine bloodless
exsanguinous bloodless
inanimate breathless
pulseless breathless
d.o.a. d
deathly deathlike
exanimate lifeless
out extinct
alphabetical alphabetic
alphabetised alphabetized
selfless altruistic
egoistical egoistic
egocentric egoistic
self-centered egoistic
self-centred egoistic
self-involved self-absorbed
double-barrelled double-barreled
oracular enigmatic
multi-valued multivalent
polysemantic polysemous
pushy pushful
aspiring aspirant
wishful aspirant
determined compulsive
driven compulsive
would-be manque
ambitionless unambitious
good full
wide-cut wide
full wide
meagre meager
meagerly meager
stingy meager
scrimpy meager
scanty bare
spare bare
miserable measly
paltry measly
energy-storing constructive-metabolic
katabolic catabolic
energy-releasing destructive-metabolic
stigmatic anastigmatic
catabatic katabatic
anal_retentive anal
analog analogue
linear analogue
analytical analytic
synthetical synthetic
uninflected analytic
polysynthetic agglutinative
analytical analytic
synthetical synthetic
provoked aggravated
enraged angered
furious angered
infuriated angered
maddened angered
irascible choleric
mad huffy
sore huffy
incensed indignant
outraged indignant
umbrageous indignant
ireful irate
smouldering smoldering
wroth wrathful
wrothful wrathful
bitter acrimonious
animate sentient
insensate insentient
nonliving inanimate
non-living inanimate
alive animated
spirited enlivened
lively full_of_life
vital full_of_life
revived reanimated
anon. anonymous
unidentified nameless
unknown nameless
unnamed nameless
binominal binomial
postmortal postmortem
prior anterior
prevenient anticipatory
pre-existent preexistent
preexisting preexistent
pre-existing preexistent
consequent attendant
accompanying attendant
concomitant attendant
incidental attendant
ensuant attendant
resultant attendant
sequent attendant
ulterior later
posterior later
subaquatic semiaquatic
subaquatic subaqueous
submerged subaqueous
submersed subaqueous
underwater subaqueous
semiaquatic amphibiotic
above-named above-mentioned
prefatorial introductory
prefatory introductory
preparative preparatory
propaedeutic preparatory
old previous
consecutive back-to-back
undermentioned following
next following
unexampled new
antenatal prenatal
antepartum prenatal
postpartum postnatal
a.m. ante_meridiem
p.m. post_meridiem
hind back
hinder back
appetising appetizing
savory mouth-watering
savoury mouth-watering
unappetising unappetizing
standoffish offish
right proper
wrong improper
cod collect
collectable collectible
payable collectible
overdue delinquent
apt apposite
pertinent apposite
out_of_place inapposite
amphiprostyle amphiprostylar
amphistylar amphiprostylar
porticoed amphiprostylar
pseudoprostyle prostyle
pseudoperipteral peristylar
columnar columniform
columnlike columniform
uncolumned noncolumned
arboreous arboreal
tree-living arboreal
sandy arenaceous
sandlike arenaceous
clayey argillaceous
weaponed equipped
militarised militarized
defenceless defenseless
armoured armored
armour-clad armor-clad
armor-plated armor-clad
armour-plated armor-clad
steel-plated armor-clad
lightly_armoured lightly_armored
mailed mail-clad
unarmoured unarmored
barbellate barbed
briary barbed
briery barbed
bristled barbed
bristly barbed
burred barbed
burry barbed
prickly barbed
setose barbed
setaceous barbed
spiny barbed
thorny barbed
taloned clawed
spineless thornless
armoured armored
scaley scaly
scaled scaly
unarmoured unarmored
cunning crafty
dodgy crafty
foxy crafty
guileful crafty
knavish crafty
slick crafty
sly crafty
tricksy crafty
tricky crafty
wily crafty
precious cute
scheming designing
facile eloquent
fluent eloquent
silver eloquent
silver-tongued eloquent
smooth-spoken eloquent
unarticulate inarticulate
voiceless aphonic
mute dumb
silent dumb
tongue-tied incoherent
tongueless mute
unspoken mute
wordless mute
dumb speechless
walk-on nonspeaking
articulate articulated
disgraced discredited
dishonored discredited
shamed discredited
humiliated embarrassed
mortified embarrassed
hangdog guilty
shamefaced guilty
shamed guilty
sheepish shamefaced
barefaced audacious
bodacious audacious
bald-faced audacious
brassy audacious
brazen audacious
brazen-faced audacious
insolent audacious
unblushing shameless
unembarrassed unabashed
self-asserting assertive
self-assertive assertive
forceful emphatic
self-effacing reticent
retiring reticent
associatory associative
committed attached
betrothed bespoken
uncommitted unattached
unpledged unengaged
unpromised unengaged
pasted glued
loose unaffixed
stalkless sessile
stalked pedunculate
unattached free-swimming
separate freestanding
bondable bindable
on_one's_guard on_guard
upon_one's_guard on_guard
on_your_guard on_guard
absorbed captive
engrossed captive
enwrapped captive
intent captive
wrapped captive
heedful advertent
absentminded absent
abstracted absent
scatty absent
distrait distracted
moony dreamy
woolgathering dreamy
oscitant drowsy
yawning drowsy
oblivious forgetful
captivating bewitching
enchanting bewitching
enthralling bewitching
entrancing bewitching
fascinating bewitching
magnetic charismatic
cute cunning
piquant engaging
taking fetching
winning fetching
showy glossy
mesmeric hypnotic
mesmerizing hypnotic
spellbinding hypnotic
plain homely
unpresentable unprepossessing
catchy attention-getting
due ascribable
imputable ascribable
referable ascribable
unascribable unattributable
prenominal attributive
enceinte big
expectant big
gravid big
great big
large big
heavy big
with_child big
hearable audible
unhearable inaudible
voiceless breathed
unsounded silent
ultrasonic supersonic
transonic sonic
hopeful bright
promising bright
rosy fortunate
unfortunate inauspicious
favorable golden
favourable golden
lucky golden
prosperous golden
inauspicious ill
ominous ill
authorised authorized
commissioned accredited
licensed accredited
licenced accredited
sanctioned approved
canonised canonized
glorified canonized
sceptered empowered
sceptred empowered
unauthorised unauthorized
unlicensed unaccredited
unlicenced unaccredited
homoecious autoecious
autogenic autogenous
self-produced self-generated
heterogeneous heterogenous
self-loading autoloading
semiautomatic autoloading
machine-controlled automated
machine-driven automated
self-activating self-acting
self-moving self-acting
self-regulating self-acting
non-automatic hand-operated
getable gettable
obtainable gettable
procurable gettable
for_sale purchasable
unobtainable inaccessible
unprocurable inaccessible
untouchable inaccessible
up astir
sleepless insomniac
watchful insomniac
wide-awake unsleeping
wakeful waking
hibernating dormant
torpid dormant
drowsing drowsy
dozy drowsy
sound_asleep fast_asleep
sleepy-eyed sleepy
sleepyheaded sleepy
slumbery slumberous
slumbrous slumberous
somnolent slumberous
hemostatic styptic
cognizant aware
cognisant aware
alive alert
awake alert
incognizant unaware
unmindful oblivious
dismaying appalling
frightful atrocious
horrifying atrocious
horrible atrocious
ugly atrocious
dire awful
direful awful
dread awful
dreaded awful
dreadful awful
fearful awful
fearsome awful
frightening awful
horrendous awful
horrific awful
terrible awful
forbidding baleful
menacing baleful
minacious baleful
minatory baleful
ominous baleful
sinister baleful
threatening baleful
hair-raising bloodcurdling
nightmarish bloodcurdling
scarey chilling
scary chilling
shivery chilling
shuddery chilling
creepy-crawly creepy
redoubtable formidable
unnerving formidable
grim ghastly
grisly ghastly
gruesome ghastly
macabre ghastly
sick ghastly
terrifying terrific
soothing assuasive
consolatory comforting
consoling comforting
worrisome unreassuring
hindermost backmost
hindmost backmost
rearmost backmost
rearward rear
advanced advance
in_advance advance
frontmost foremost
head-on frontal
directional directing
directive directing
guiding directing
hardback hardbacked
hardbound hardbacked
hardcover hardbacked
razor-backed razorback
sweptback backswept
retroflex cacuminal
reversed converse
transposed converse
reverse inverse
reverse rearward
self-referent reflexive
retrograde retral
retroflexed retroflex
reversive returning
gardant guardant
full-face guardant
headlong headfirst
blate bashful
cheeky brash
nervy brash
self-assertive bumptious
impertinent fresh
impudent fresh
overbold fresh
smart fresh
saucy fresh
sassy fresh
wise fresh
assuming assumptive
presumptuous assumptive
barrelled barreled
unbarrelled unbarreled
duck-billed duckbill
short-billed short-beaked
bedded stratified
foliated foliate
foliaceous foliate
laminal laminar
superimposed layered
ferny ferned
ferny fernlike
sedgelike rushlike
bald-headed bald
bald-pated bald
smooth-faced beardless
haired hairy
hirsute hairy
hoary canescent
coarse-furred coarse-haired
comose comate
comal comate
curly-coated curly-haired
dark-coated dark-haired
pubescent downy
puberulent downy
sericeous downy
furry furred
fuzzy fuzzed
glossy-coated glossy-haired
glossy-furred glossy-haired
woolly lanate
pilose pilous
pilary pilous
tomentous tomentose
velvety-haired velvety-furred
wiry-coated wire-haired
woolly wooly
wooly-haired wooly
woolly-haired wooly
awny awned
supporting load-bearing
bonnie bonny
comely bonny
fair bonny
sightly bonny
good-looking fine-looking
better-looking fine-looking
handsome fine-looking
well-favored fine-looking
well-favoured fine-looking
resplendent glorious
splendid glorious
splendiferous glorious
monstrous grotesque
repulsive hideous
ill-favoured ill-favored
unpicturesque unlovely
great_bellied big-bellied
flat-bellied bellyless
belt-like beltlike
beltless unbelted
baneful baleful
malevolent malefic
malign malefic
evil malefic
spiteful despiteful
vindictive despiteful
catty bitchy
cattish bitchy
venomous poisonous
vicious poisonous
benignant benign
prizewinning champion
top-quality high-grade
top-grade high-grade
foremost first
world-class first
Sunday-go-to-meeting go-to-meeting
optimal optimum
unexceeded unexcelled
unsurpassed unexcelled
last-place last
lowest last
pessimum pessimal
healthier fitter
worsened worse
ameliorative ameliorating
amelioratory ameliorating
meliorative ameliorating
bifacial biface
two-faced janus-faced
round-faced moon-faced
one-sided unilateral
many-sided multilateral
two-sided bilateral
two-part bipartite
two-way bipartite
four-sided quadrilateral
four-party quadripartite
triangular trilateral
three-sided trilateral
three-party tripartite
three-way tripartite
biaural binaural
stereo stereophonic
two-channel stereophonic
monophonic mono
single-channel mono
binuclear binucleate
binucleated binucleate
mononucleate mononuclear
trinuclear trinucleate
trinucleated trinucleate
biped bipedal
two-footed bipedal
quadruped quadrupedal
four-footed quadrupedal
Afro-American african-american
coloured colored
dark colored
dark-skinned colored
non-white colored
Caucasoid caucasian
blonde blond
light-haired blond
platinum-blonde ash-blonde
towheaded ash-blonde
fairish fair
sandy flaxen
brunette brunet
suntanned bronzed
tanned bronzed
browned brown
black-haired dark-haired
brown-haired dark-haired
dusky dark-skinned
swart dark-skinned
swarthy dark-skinned
pimpled acned
pimply acned
pustulate acned
blebby blebbed
scarred marred
pockmarked pocked
unmarred unblemished
unmutilated unblemished
unstained stainless
unsullied stainless
untainted stainless
untarnished stainless
gory bloodstained
bloody-minded bloodthirsty
sanguinary bloodthirsty
red crimson
violent crimson
murderous homicidal
sanguinary gory
sanguineous gory
slaughterous gory
butcherly gory
unbloody nonviolent
brave audacious
dauntless audacious
fearless audacious
hardy audacious
intrepid audacious
unfearing audacious
temerarious daredevil
heady foolhardy
rash foolhardy
reckless foolhardy
heroical heroic
vaulting overreaching
timorous fearful
trepid fearful
mousey mousy
enchained chained
shackled fettered
rolled furled
tied trussed
unfettered unchained
unshackled unchained
untied unchained
tied laced
untied unlaced
fastened tied
unfastened untied
foul afoul
fouled afoul
intermeshed enmeshed
snarled knotty
snarly knotty
thrown_and_twisted thrown
loosened disentangled
unsnarled disentangled
paperbacked paperback
deckle-edged deckled
featheredged deckled
low-class lower-class
wage-earning propertyless
working-class propertyless
blue-collar propertyless
conservative bourgeois
materialistic bourgeois
property-owning propertied
brachycranial brachycephalic
brachycranic brachycephalic
roundheaded broad-headed
short-headed broad-headed
dolichocranial dolichocephalic
dolichocranic dolichocephalic
courageous brave
heroic desperate
gamy game
gamey game
gritty game
mettlesome game
spirited game
spunky game
stouthearted stalwart
valorous valiant
fearful cowardly
chickenhearted chicken
lily-livered chicken
white-livered chicken
yellow chicken
yellow-bellied chicken
recreant craven
dastardly dastard
fainthearted faint
timid faint
faint-hearted faint
poor-spirited pusillanimous
unmanly pusillanimous
plucky gutsy
suckled nursed
eupneic breathing
eupnoeic breathing
dyspneic breathless
dyspnoeic breathless
dyspneal breathless
dyspnoeal breathless
suffocating smothering
suffocative smothering
pursy blown
short-winded blown
winded blown
crystalised crystallized
uncrystallized amorphous
uncrystallised amorphous
inflamed ablaze
reddened ablaze
floodlighted floodlit
lighted illuminated
lit illuminated
well-lighted illuminated
candent incandescent
sunstruck sunlit
Acherontic acheronian
Stygian acheronian
pitch-black black
pitch-dark black
subdued dim
twilight dusky
twilit dusky
gloomy glooming
gloomful glooming
sulky glooming
unilluminated lightless
unlighted lightless
unlit lightless
tenebrific tenebrous
tenebrious tenebrous
mirky murky
shadowed shady
shadowy shady
umbrageous shady
crosshatched hatched
moony moonlit
gleaming agleam
nitid agleam
lambent aglow
lucent aglow
luminous aglow
coruscant aglitter
fulgid aglitter
glinting aglitter
glistering aglitter
glittering aglitter
glittery aglitter
scintillant aglitter
scintillating aglitter
sparkly aglitter
beadlike beady
buttony beady
buttonlike beady
beamy beaming
effulgent beaming
radiant beaming
refulgent beaming
blinding blazing
dazzling blazing
fulgent blazing
glaring blazing
glary blazing
glossy glistening
lustrous glistening
sheeny glistening
shiny glistening
shining glistening
nacreous iridescent
opalescent iridescent
opaline iridescent
pearlescent iridescent
sleek satiny
silken satiny
silky satiny
silklike satiny
slick satiny
silvern silver
silvery silver
mat flat
matt flat
matte flat
matted flat
lacklustre lackluster
lusterless lackluster
lustreless lackluster
subdued soft
dim dimmed
bright undimmed
discriminatory prejudiced
antiblack racist
anti-Semite racist
impartial unprejudiced
colour-blind color-blind
nonracist color-blind
large-minded broad
liberal broad
tolerant broad
latitudinarian free-thinking
undogmatic free-thinking
undogmatical free-thinking
narrow narrow-minded
closed-minded close-minded
dogmatical dogmatic
intolerant illiberal
opinionative opinionated
self-opinionated opinionated
small-minded petty
unkept broken
kept unbroken
dotted dashed
interrupted fitful
off-and-on fitful
brotherlike brotherly
fraternal brotherly
sisterlike sisterly
sororal sisterly
biovular fraternal
monovular identical
inhumed buried
interred buried
laboring drudging
labouring drudging
toiling drudging
occupied engaged
bone-lazy bone-idle
indolent faineant
lazy faineant
otiose faineant
slothful faineant
work-shy faineant
boney bony
deboned boned
fastened buttoned
botonnee botonee
unfastened unbuttoned
capitalist capitalistic
free-enterprise competitive
private-enterprise competitive
laissez-faire individualistic
socialist socialistic
collectivistic collectivist
collectivized collectivist
collectivised collectivist
state-controlled collectivist
cacophonic cacophonous
squawky cackly
guttural croaky
gravelly grating
rasping grating
raspy grating
rough grating
scratchy grating
hoarse gruff
husky gruff
jangly jangling
strident raucous
ripping rending
splitting rending
euphonous euphonious
silvery silvern
estimable computable
denumerable countable
enumerable countable
numerable countable
infinite countless
innumerable countless
innumerous countless
multitudinous countless
myriad countless
numberless countless
uncounted countless
unnumberable countless
unnumbered countless
unnumerable countless
inestimable incomputable
immeasurable incomputable
quiet placid
still placid
tranquil placid
smooth placid
unruffled placid
furious angry
raging angry
tempestuous angry
wild angry
billowing billowy
surging billowy
blusterous blustering
blustery blustering
fierce boisterous
rough boisterous
breezy blowy
windy blowy
puffy gusty
surefooted confident
sure-footed confident
tended_to attended
unattended neglected
sure certain
painstaking conscientious
scrupulous conscientious
elaborate detailed
elaborated detailed
narrow minute
too-careful overcareful
cursory casual
passing casual
perfunctory casual
slapdash haphazard
slipshod haphazard
sloppy haphazard
reckless heedless
offhanded offhand
meat-eating flesh-eating
zoophagous flesh-eating
predaceous predacious
anthophilous anthophagous
fruit-eating carpophagous
phytophagic plant-eating
phytophagous plant-eating
phytophilous plant-eating
saprozoic saprophagous
pistillate carpellate
acarpellous acarpelous
clincher-built clinker-built
lap-strake clinker-built
lap-straked clinker-built
lap-streak clinker-built
lap-streaked clinker-built
carven carved
etched engraved
graven engraved
incised engraved
inscribed engraved
sculpted graven
sculptured graven
basal radical
caudated caudate
bobtailed bobtail
taillike caudal
acaudal acaudate
tailless anurous
cauline caulescent
stemmed caulescent
stemless acaulescent
actuating activating
anorexigenic anorectic
contributing conducive
contributive conducive
contributory conducive
tributary conducive
inducive inductive
motive motivative
motivating motivative
motor motive
responsible_for responsible
sternutative sternutatory
noncausal noncausative
cagy cagey
chary cagey
restrained guarded
impulsive hotheaded
impetuous hotheaded
madcap hotheaded
tearaway hotheaded
brainish hotheaded
cancellated cancellate
cancellous cancellate
faveolate alveolate
cavitied alveolate
honeycombed alveolate
pitted alveolate
acellular noncellular
one-celled single-celled
compartmentalized compartmental
compartmentalised compartmental
poriferous porous
halfway center
middle center
midway center
centrical centric
medial median
midmost middlemost
marginal fringy
skirting encircling
receptive centripetal
sensory centripetal
corticipetal corticoafferent
motorial efferent
motor centrifugal
corticofugal corticoefferent
corticifugal corticoefferent
centralising centralizing
unifying centripetal
integrative consolidative
decentralising decentralizing
sure indisputable
sure certain
positive convinced
confident convinced
unsure uncertain
incertain uncertain
dubious doubtful
overconfident cocksure
positive cocksure
self-confident self-assured
shy diffident
timid diffident
unsure diffident
sure certain
destined bound
fated doomed
predestinate foreordained
predestined foreordained
fluky chancy
flukey chancy
iffy chancy
fateful fatal
inescapable ineluctable
unavoidable ineluctable
avoidable evitable
avertible evitable
avertable evitable
changeful changeable
fickle erratic
mercurial erratic
quicksilver erratic
unstable fluid
mobile fluid
kaleidoscopical kaleidoscopic
unalterable changeless
frozen fixed
carved_in_stone set_in_stone
stable static
unchanging static
transformable convertible
translatable convertible
transmutable convertible
untransmutable inconvertible
inalterable unalterable
last final
well-balanced well-adjusted
unadjusted unadapted
edited emended
unchanged unaltered
timeless dateless
unmoved in-situ
denaturized denatured
denaturised denatured
ionised ionized
nonionised nonionized
unionized nonionized
unionised nonionized
nonionic nonionized
changeable mutable
changeless immutable
symptomatic diagnostic
typical distinctive
live hot
electronegative negative
negatively_charged negative
electropositive positive
positively_charged positive
electroneutral neutral
drained dead
benevolent beneficent
eleemosynary beneficent
philanthropic beneficent
hired chartered
leased chartered
ownerless unowned
continent celibate
vestal pure
virgin pure
virginal pure
virtuous pure
light easy
loose easy
promiscuous easy
sluttish easy
wanton easy
glad beaming
smiling beamish
twinkly beamish
blithesome blithe
lighthearted blithe
lightsome blithe
light-hearted blithe
chirpy buoyant
perky buoyant
gay cheery
sunny cheery
debonair chipper
debonaire chipper
jaunty chipper
cheerless depressing
uncheerful depressing
dark blue
dingy blue
disconsolate blue
dismal blue
gloomy blue
grim blue
sorry blue
drab blue
drear blue
dreary blue
sombre somber
melancholy somber
granular chondritic
anorthic triclinic
homochromatic monochromatic
brownish-yellow amber
yellow-brown amber
gilded aureate
gilt aureate
gold aureate
golden aureate
cerulean azure
sky-blue azure
bright_blue azure
bluish blue
blueish blue
blue-green bluish_green
cyan bluish_green
teal bluish_green
bluish-lilac blue-lilac
bluish-purple blue-purple
bluish-violet blue-violet
rosy blushful
raspberry-red bright-red
bronzy bronze
brownish brown
chocolate-brown brown
dark-brown brown
brownish-green brown-green
brownish-purple brown-purple
canary-yellow canary
caramel_brown caramel
copper_colored coppery
cresson cress_green
watercress cress_green
taupe fuscous
gray-blue grey-blue
greyish-blue grey-blue
grayish-blue grey-blue
gray-brown grey-brown
greyish-brown grey-brown
grayish-brown grey-brown
gray-green grey-green
greyish-green grey-green
grayish-green grey-green
gray-pink grey-pink
greyish-pink grey-pink
grayish-pink grey-pink
greenish green
light-green green
dark-green green
jade-green jade
lilac lavender
lilac-colored lavender
pale_blue light-blue
violet-blue lilac-blue
lavender-pink lilac-pink
violet-pink lilac-pink
brownish-red maroon
mosstone moss_green
mousey mousy
mouse-colored mousy
mouselike mousy
ochre ocher
drab olive-drab
orangish orange
orangish-red orange-red
peachy-colored peachy
peachy-coloured peachy
pinkish pink
pinkish-lavender pink-lavender
pinkish-orange pink-orange
salmon pink-orange
pinkish-purple pink-purple
powdery-blue powder_blue
violet purple
purplish purple
purplish-blue purple-blue
purplish-brown purple-brown
purplish-green purple-green
purplish-lilac purple-lilac
purplish-red purple-red
purple-tinted purple-tinged
reddish red
ruddy red
blood-red red
carmine red
cerise red
cherry red
cherry-red red
crimson red
ruby red
ruby-red red
scarlet red
reddish-brown red-brown
mahogany-red red-brown
reddish-lavender red-lavender
reddish-orange red-orange
flame-orange red-orange
reddisn-purple red-purple
reddish-violet red-violet
roseate rose
rosaceous rose
rose-lavender rose-lilac
rosy-purple rose-purple
rose-tinged rose-tinted
rusty rust
rust-brown rust
rusty-red rust-red
sage-green sage
silvery-blue silver-blue
silvery-green silver-green
snuff-brown snuff
mummy-brown snuff
chukker-brown snuff
brownish-orange sorrel
sulphur-yellow sulfur-yellow
tawny-brown tawny
vermillion vermilion
cinnabar vermilion
Chinese-red vermilion
violet-tinted violet-tinged
yellowish yellow
xanthous yellow
yellowish-beige yellow-beige
yellowish-orange yellow-orange
neutral achromatic
silver argent
silvery argent
silverish argent
ash-gray ash-grey
ashy ash-grey
black-gray black-grey
blackish-grey black-grey
blackish-gray black-grey
bluish-white blue-white
cool-white blue-white
blue-gray blue-grey
bluish-grey blue-grey
bluish-gray blue-grey
bluish_black blue-black
brownish-black brown-black
brown-gray brown-grey
brownish-grey brown-grey
brownish-gray brown-grey
charcoal-grey charcoal
charcoal-gray charcoal
jet coal-black
jet-black coal-black
pitchy coal-black
sooty coal-black
ebony ebon
gray grey
greyish grey
grayish grey
gray-black grey-black
greyish-black grey-black
grayish-black grey-black
gray-white grey-white
greyish-white grey-white
grayish-white grey-white
greenish-gray greenish-grey
greenish-white green-white
inky ink-black
inky-black ink-black
iron-gray iron-grey
olive-gray olive-grey
oxford-gray oxford-grey
dark-grey oxford-grey
dark-gray oxford-grey
pearl_gray pearl_grey
pearly-white pearly
purplish-black purple-black
purplish-white purple-white
red-gray red-grey
reddish-grey red-grey
reddish-gray red-grey
silver-gray silver-grey
silvery-grey silver-grey
silvery-gray silver-grey
silvery-white silver-white
slate-gray slate-grey
slaty-grey slate-grey
slaty-gray slate-grey
slaty slate-grey
slatey slate-grey
stone-grey slate-grey
stone-gray slate-grey
snowy snow-white
sooty-black soot-black
off-white whitish
yellow-gray yellow-grey
yellowish-grey yellow-grey
yellowish-gray yellow-grey
yellowish-white yellow-white
pure saturated
vivid intense
colour color
black_and_white black-and-white
coloured colored
colorful colored
red crimson
reddened crimson
red-faced crimson
flushed crimson
bicolour bicolor
bicolored bicolor
bicoloured bicolor
bichrome bicolor
dichromatic bicolor
blackened black
brightly-coloured brightly-colored
buff-coloured buff-colored
chestnut-coloured chestnut-colored
chocolate-coloured chocolate-colored
cinnamon_coloured cinnamon_colored
cinnamon-colored cinnamon_colored
cinnamon-coloured cinnamon_colored
creamy-colored cream-colored
creamy-white cream-colored
dark-coloured dark-colored
dusky-colored dark-colored
dusky-coloured dark-colored
dun-coloured dun-colored
fawn-coloured fawn-colored
flame-coloured flame-colored
flesh-coloured flesh-colored
garnet-coloured garnet-colored
gingery ginger
gold-coloured gold-colored
honey-coloured honey-colored
lead-coloured lead-colored
liver liver-colored
metal-coloured metal-colored
metallic-colored metal-colored
metallic-coloured metal-colored
monochrome monochromatic
monochromic monochromatic
monochromous monochromatic
calico motley
multicolor motley
multi-color motley
multicolour motley
multi-colour motley
multicolored motley
multi-colored motley
multicoloured motley
multi-coloured motley
painted motley
particolored motley
particoloured motley
piebald motley
pied motley
varicolored motley
varicoloured motley
neutral-coloured neutral-colored
olive-coloured olive-colored
orange-coloured orange-colored
orange-hued orange-colored
pale-hued pale-colored
polychrome polychromatic
polychromic polychromatic
rosy-colored rose-colored
straw-coloured straw-colored
tawny-coloured tawny-colored
trichrome trichromatic
tricolor trichromatic
violet-coloured violet-colored
violet-flowered violet-colored
uncoloured uncolored
achromous achromic
colourful colorful
brilliant bright
vivid bright
chatoyant changeable
iridescent changeable
shot changeable
rich deep
colourless colorless
blanched ashen
bloodless ashen
livid ashen
white ashen
faded bleached
washed-out bleached
washy bleached
sober drab
somber drab
sombre drab
greyed dulled
etiolated etiolate
blanched etiolate
pallid pale
wan pale
pastelike pasty
waxlike waxen
waxy waxen
whitened white
colourful colorful
braw brave
gay brave
gaudy flashy
jazzy flashy
showy flashy
sporty flashy
colourless colorless
pallid pale
light-colored light
ultramontane cisalpine
transmontane tramontane
ultramontane transalpine
christly christlike
nonchristian christless
unchristlike unchristianly
civilised civilized
noncivilised noncivilized
barbaric barbarian
savage barbarian
uncivilized barbarian
uncivilised barbarian
wild barbarian
nonliterate preliterate
classic classical
classic classical
Greco-Roman classical
Graeco-Roman classical
Hellenic classical
neoclassical neoclassic
pop popular
categorised categorized
sorted grouped
uncategorised uncategorized
unsorted uncategorized
unrestricted nonsensitive
raw crude
unused fresh
speckless immaculate
spick-and-span immaculate
spic-and-span immaculate
spic immaculate
spick immaculate
spotless immaculate
unspotted unsoiled
unstained unsoiled
water-washed washed
soiled dirty
unclean dirty
draggled bedraggled
fouled befouled
dingy begrimed
grimy begrimed
grubby begrimed
grungy begrimed
raunchy begrimed
smutty black
foul filthy
nasty filthy
squalid flyblown
sordid flyblown
oily greasy
muddy mucky
snot-nosed snotty
travel-stained travel-soiled
unobjectionable clean
off-color bawdy
ribald bawdy
blue blasphemous
profane blasphemous
filthy cruddy
foul cruddy
nasty cruddy
smutty cruddy
foul-spoken foul-mouthed
obscene lewd
raunchy lewd
salacious lewd
uncontaminating clean
contaminating dirty
cosher kosher
impure unclean
tref nonkosher
terefah nonkosher
unsubtle broad
distinct clear-cut
trenchant clear-cut
lucid limpid
luculent limpid
pellucid limpid
crystal_clear limpid
perspicuous limpid
clouded blurred
perplexing confusing
puzzling confusing
vague obscure
crystal_clear crystalline
limpid crystalline
lucid crystalline
pellucid crystalline
transparent crystalline
hyaloid hyaline
limpid liquid
semitransparent translucent
muddy cloudy
mirky cloudy
murky cloudy
turbid cloudy
foggy fogged
light-tight lightproof
milklike milky
whitish milky
radio-opaque radiopaque
clear-thinking clearheaded
addlepated addlebrained
puddingheaded addlebrained
muddleheaded addlebrained
befuddled addled
muddled addled
muzzy addled
woolly addled
wooly addled
woolly-headed addled
wooly-minded addled
befuddled befogged
stunned dazed
stupefied dazed
stupid dazed
silly punch-drunk
slaphappy punch-drunk
mild balmy
soft balmy
sharp astute
shrewd astute
cagy cagey
canny cagey
clever cagey
street_smart streetwise
with-it streetwise
dopy anserine
dopey anserine
foolish anserine
goosey anserine
goosy anserine
gooselike anserine
jerky anserine
boneheaded blockheaded
duncical blockheaded
duncish blockheaded
fatheaded blockheaded
loggerheaded blockheaded
thick blockheaded
thickheaded blockheaded
thick-skulled blockheaded
wooden-headed blockheaded
doltish cloddish
dim dense
dull dense
dumb dense
obtuse dense
slow dense
gormless gaumless
lumpen lumpish
unthinking lumpish
senseless nitwitted
soft-witted nitwitted
witless nitwitted
dextrorotatory dextrorotary
right-handed dextrorotary
anticlockwise counterclockwise
contraclockwise counterclockwise
levorotatory levorotary
left-handed levorotary
remote distant
remote distant
removed distant
far-off faraway
farthest farthermost
furthermost farthermost
furthest farthermost
utmost farthermost
uttermost farthermost
farther further
out-of-the-way off_the_beaten_track
close near
nigh near
yon yonder
next adjacent
side_by_side adjacent
adpressed appressed
close_together approximate
close_at_hand at_hand
imminent at_hand
impendent at_hand
impending at_hand
close_at_hand at_hand
close_set close-set
immediate contiguous
surrounding encompassing
circumferent encompassing
snuggled nestled
walking walk-to
remote distant
near approximate
buddy-buddy chummy
thick chummy
closely_knit close-knit
good dear
near dear
intimate familiar
clad clothed
attired appareled
dressed appareled
garbed appareled
garmented appareled
habilimented appareled
robed appareled
panoplied arrayed
pantalooned breeched
trousered breeched
dressed-up dressed
dressed_to_the_nines dressed
dressed_to_kill dressed
dolled_up dressed
spruced_up dressed
spiffed_up dressed
togged_up dressed
lobster-backed red-coated
au_naturel bare
naked bare
nude bare
bare-ass bare-assed
in_the_altogether bare-assed
in_the_buff bare-assed
in_the_raw bare-assed
raw bare-assed
peeled bare-assed
naked_as_a_jaybird bare-assed
stark_naked bare-assed
braless bare-breasted
topless bare-breasted
bared bareheaded
garmentless clothesless
raimentless clothesless
in_dishabille en_deshabille
uncovered exposed
scantily_clad half-clothed
underclothed half-clothed
naked_as_the_day_one_was_born mother-naked
naked_as_the_day_you_were_born mother-naked
in_one's_birthday_suit mother-naked
in_your_birthday_suit mother-naked
unattired unappareled
unclad unappareled
undressed unappareled
ungarbed unappareled
ungarmented unappareled
barebacked bareback
unclouded cloudless
foggy brumous
hazy brumous
misty brumous
clouded cloud-covered
overcast cloud-covered
sunless cloud-covered
nebular cloudlike
leaden dull
lowering heavy
sullen heavy
threatening heavy
miasmic miasmal
vaporous miasmal
vapourous miasmal
midland interior
upcountry interior
onshore inshore
seaward inshore
shoreward inshore
seaward offshore
consistent coherent
logical coherent
ordered coherent
disconnected confused
disjointed confused
disordered confused
garbled confused
illogical confused
scattered confused
unconnected confused
collapsable collapsible
foldaway foldable
folding foldable
noncollapsable noncollapsible
nontelescoping nontelescopic
agglomerated agglomerate
agglomerative agglomerate
clustered agglomerate
aggregated aggregate
aggregative aggregate
mass aggregate
collectivised collectivized
allocatable allocable
apportionable allocable
diffusive diffusing
dispersive diffusing
disseminative diffusing
permeating permeant
permeative permeant
pervasive permeant
publicised publicized
published promulgated
quenched quelled
squelched quelled
combinatory combinative
combinational combinable
combinatory combinable
ignitable burnable
ignitible burnable
comburant comburent
combustive comburent
inflammable flammable
incombustible noncombustible
fire-resistant fire-retardant
fire-resisting fire-retardant
fire-resistive fire-retardant
flame-retardant flameproof
lit lighted
afire ablaze
aflame ablaze
aflare ablaze
alight ablaze
on_fire ablaze
enkindled ignited
kindled ignited
unlit unlighted
convenient commodious
spacious roomy
comfy comfortable
cosy cozy
snug cozy
homely homelike
homey homelike
homy homelike
tough bad
painful irritating
wretched miserable
ill_at_ease awkward
uneasy awkward
coterminous coextensive
conterminous coextensive
relative proportional
disproportional disproportionate
commercialised commercialized
mercenary mercantile
moneymaking mercantile
non-profit-making nonprofit
uncommercialised uncommercialized
ordinary average
popular democratic
exceptional especial
particular especial
special especial
red-carpet red_carpet
customary accustomed
habitual accustomed
wonted accustomed
inveterate chronic
lipotropic lipophilic
single individual
individualistic individualist
man-to-man one-on-one
several respective
various respective
communicatory communicative
anecdotal anecdotic
anecdotical anecdotic
leaky blabbermouthed
talebearing blabbermouthed
tattling blabbermouthed
gossipy chatty
newsy chatty
talkative expansive
nonverbal gestural
sign gestural
signed gestural
sign-language gestural
vocal outspoken
incommunicative uncommunicative
vacuous blank
closelipped close
closemouthed close
secretive close
tightlipped close
expressionless deadpan
impassive deadpan
poker-faced deadpan
unexpressive deadpan
silent mum
unutterable unpronounceable
cloggy clayey
heavy clayey
wedged impacted
unfirm shifting
uncomparable incomparable
nonpareil matchless
one matchless
one_and_only matchless
peerless matchless
unmatched matchless
unmatchable matchless
unrivaled matchless
unrivalled matchless
unique alone
unequaled alone
unequalled alone
unparalleled alone
stonyhearted hardhearted
unfeeling hardhearted
mutually_exclusive contradictory
mixable miscible
non-miscible immiscible
unmixable immiscible
capable able
efficient effective
inept feckless
inefficient ineffective
unqualified incompetent
competitory competitive
agonistical agonistic
combative agonistic
rivalrous emulous
cooperative accommodative
complaintive complaining
querulous fretful
whiney fretful
whiny fretful
full entire
total entire
entire integral
intact integral
fragmentary fragmental
wrapped_up bound_up
sworn pledged
downright absolute
out-and-out absolute
rank absolute
right-down absolute
sheer absolute
completed accomplished
realized accomplished
realised accomplished
all-or-nothing all-or-none
full-scale all-out
utter dead
thorough exhaustive
thoroughgoing exhaustive
full-clad fleshed_out
total full
uncomplete incomplete
unelaborated sketchy
all-embracing across-the-board
all-encompassing across-the-board
all-inclusive across-the-board
blanket across-the-board
broad across-the-board
encompassing across-the-board
extensive across-the-board
panoptic across-the-board
wide across-the-board
all-round all-around
well-rounded all-around
nationwide countrywide
ecumenical cosmopolitan
oecumenical cosmopolitan
general cosmopolitan
universal cosmopolitan
worldwide cosmopolitan
world-wide cosmopolitan
house-to-house door-to-door
encyclopaedic encyclopedic
spaciotemporal spatiotemporal
incomprehensive noncomprehensive
unagitated calm
serene calm
tranquil calm
unflappable imperturbable
equanimous collected
poised collected
self-collected collected
self-contained collected
self-possessed collected
coolheaded cool
nerveless cool
unflustered unflurried
unperturbed unflurried
unruffled unflurried
chagrined abashed
embarrassed abashed
blushing blushful
red-faced blushful
daunted bothered
fazed bothered
disconcerted discombobulated
hot_and_bothered flustered
perturbed flustered
rattled flustered
comprehendible comprehensible
approachable accessible
intelligible apprehensible
graspable apprehensible
perceivable apprehensible
understandable apprehensible
uncomprehensible incomprehensible
obscure dark
enigmatical enigmatic
puzzling enigmatic
missed lost
unintelligible opaque
cotyloid acetabular
cotyloidal acetabular
concavo-concave biconcave
pouch-shaped bursiform
pouchlike bursiform
saclike bursiform
cupulate cupular
dish-shaped dished
patelliform dished
bulging convex
convexo-convex biconvex
lenticular biconvex
lentiform biconvex
hogged broken-backed
gibbose gibbous
umbel-like umbellate
undivided single
exclusive single
dealt_out apportioned
doled_out apportioned
meted_out apportioned
parceled_out apportioned
spread dispersed
divided_up divided
shared divided
shared_out divided
spread-out fanned
widespread far-flung
spaced separated
thin sparse
unfocussed unfocused
concentrical concentric
homocentric concentric
coaxal coaxial
nonconcentric eccentric
off-centered off-center
obsessed haunted
preoccupied haunted
taken_up haunted
insouciant casual
nonchalant casual
detached degage
uninvolved degage
apothegmatic aphoristic
epigrammatic aphoristic
compact compendious
succinct compendious
summary compendious
curt crisp
laconic crisp
terse crisp
elliptical elliptic
sententious pithy
tedious long-winded
verbose long-winded
windy long-winded
wordy long-winded
redundant pleonastic
tautologic pleonastic
tautological pleonastic
determinate definitive
head-to-head neck_and_neck
nip_and_tuck neck_and_neck
coordinative coordinating
subordinative subordinating
concurring concordant
consentient consentaneous
unanimous consentaneous
discrepant at_variance
dissonant at_variance
divisive dissentious
factious dissentious
wasted atrophied
diminished atrophied
enlarged hypertrophied
contrary_to_fact counterfactual
contingent_on contingent
contingent_upon contingent
dependent_on contingent
dependant_on contingent
dependent_upon contingent
dependant_upon contingent
depending_on contingent
dependant dependent
qualified dependent
provisional probationary
provisionary probationary
tentative probationary
unconditioned unconditional
crude blunt
stark blunt
implemented enforced
semiconductive semiconducting
nonconducting nonconductive
non-conducting nonconductive
confining close
housebound homebound
shut-in homebound
shut_up pent
jam-packed jammed
packed jammed
incompatible uncongenial
unsympathetic disagreeable
superposable identical
congruent congruous
inconsistent discrepant
incompatible inappropriate
out_or_keeping inappropriate
unfitting inappropriate
ironical ironic
oppositive adversative
separative partitive
conterminous adjacent
contiguous adjacent
neighboring adjacent
contiguous conterminous
joined coupled
linked coupled
isolated apart
obscure apart
separated detached
separate disjoined
vanquishable beatable
vincible beatable
subjugable subduable
inexpugnable impregnable
never-say-die indomitable
unsubduable indomitable
insurmountable insuperable
unbeatable invincible
unvanquishable invincible
self-aware self-conscious
senseless insensible
kayoed knocked_out
KO'd knocked_out
out knocked_out
stunned knocked_out
consecrate consecrated
dedicated consecrated
violated profaned
priestlike priestly
standpat fusty
unprogressive fusty
nonprogressive fusty
traditionalist hidebound
reformist progressive
reform-minded progressive
socialised socialized
welfare-statist welfarist
agreeable accordant
conformable accordant
consonant accordant
concordant accordant
conflicting at_odds
contradictory at_odds
self-contradictory at_odds
incompatible discrepant
uneven spotty
scratchy spotty
eye-catching attention-getting
large big
prominent big
egregious crying
flagrant crying
glaring crying
gross crying
rank crying
prominent outstanding
salient outstanding
spectacular outstanding
striking outstanding
invisible inconspicuous
unnoticeable obscure
discernable discernible
undistinguishable indistinguishable
staunch steadfast
unswerving steadfast
unflagging unfailing
untrue false
volatile fickle
shaping formative
plastic formative
rehabilitative reconstructive
annihilating annihilative
devastating annihilative
withering annihilative
ruinous blasting
cataclysmic cataclysmal
corrosive caustic
erosive caustic
vitriolic caustic
mordant caustic
devastating crushing
negative damaging
content contented
self-satisfied complacent
self-complacent complacent
self-satisfied smug
discontent discontented
ill-affected disaffected
malcontent disaffected
rebellious disaffected
dissatisfied disgruntled
ungratified restless
unsatisfied restless
disputable debatable
shakeable shakable
incontestible incontestable
incontrovertible demonstrable
unarguable inarguable
unshakable unassailable
watertight unassailable
bulletproof unassailable
repetitive insistent
recurrent perennial
repeated perennial
relentless persistent
unrelenting persistent
revenant recurring
spasmodic fitful
occasional periodic
unpredictable irregular
stray isolated
uninterrupted continuous
day-and-night around-the-clock
nonstop around-the-clock
round-the-clock around-the-clock
constant ceaseless
incessant ceaseless
never-ending ceaseless
perpetual ceaseless
unceasing ceaseless
unremitting ceaseless
persisting dogging
sustained free_burning
consecutive straight
noncontinuous discontinuous
possessed obsessed
anarchical anarchic
lawless anarchic
uncontrollable irrepressible
masterless lordless
ungoverned undisciplined
debatable arguable
disputable arguable
moot arguable
polemical polemic
noncontroversial uncontroversial
unchallenged undisputed
unquestioned undisputed
stipulatory agreed_upon
combative contentious
disputatious contentious
disputative contentious
litigious contentious
eristical eristic
favourable favorable
stuffy stodgy
maverick irregular
unorthodox irregular
buttoned-down button-down
conservative button-down
straight square
stereotypic stereotyped
stereotypical stereotyped
unimaginative stereotyped
eccentric bizarre
freakish bizarre
freaky bizarre
flaky bizarre
flakey bizarre
gonzo bizarre
off-the-wall bizarre
outlandish bizarre
outre bizarre
raffish devil-may-care
rakish devil-may-care
kinky far-out
offbeat far-out
quirky far-out
way-out far-out
spacy spaced-out
spacey spaced-out
unconformist nonconformist
atomic nuclear
tralatitious handed-down
untraditional nontraditional
merging confluent
focussed focused
diverging divergent
arboreous arboreal
arborescent arboreal
arboresque arboreal
arboriform arboreal
dendriform arboreal
dendroid arboreal
dendroidal arboreal
treelike arboreal
tree-shaped arboreal
branching branched
ramose branched
ramous branched
ramate branched
maple-like maplelike
unbranching unbranched
disillusioning disenchanting
flimsy unconvincing
grilled barbecued
poached boiled
stewed boiled
grilled broiled
burnt burned
deep-fried fried
roasted roast
sauteed saute
underdone half-baked
synergistic synergetic
debased corrupted
vitiated corrupted
bribable corruptible
dishonest corruptible
purchasable corruptible
venal corruptible
perverse depraved
perverted depraved
reprobate depraved
sordid dirty
Pretorian praetorian
unspoiled uncorrupted
interactive synergistic
incompatible antagonistic
goodish goodly
healthy goodly
hefty goodly
respectable goodly
sizable goodly
sizeable goodly
tidy goodly
substantial significant
real substantial
material substantial
unsubstantial insubstantial
unreal insubstantial
aerial aeriform
airy aeriform
aery aeriform
ethereal aeriform
wraithlike shadowy
nonmaterial immaterial
nonphysical intangible
silvery-bodied silver-bodied
thin-bodied slim-bodied
slender-bodied slim-bodied
bodyless bodiless
material corporeal
corporal bodied
corporate bodied
embodied bodied
incarnate bodied
immaterial incorporeal
unembodied discorporate
bodiless discorporate
unbodied discorporate
disembodied discorporate
right correct
exact accurate
precise accurate
word-perfect letter-perfect
wrong incorrect
mistaken false
correct right
correctable amendable
reformable redeemable
unregenerate unreformable
uncorrectable uncontrollable
unmanageable uncontrollable
travelled traveled
hick bumpkinly
rustic bumpkinly
unsophisticated bumpkinly
parochial insular
one-horse jerkwater
pokey jerkwater
poky jerkwater
evacuant cathartic
purgative cathartic
regular unconstipated
diarrhoeal diarrheal
diarrhetic diarrheal
diarrhoetic diarrheal
diarrheic diarrheal
diarrhoeic diarrheal
loose lax
uncaring thoughtless
unthinking thoughtless
gallant chivalrous
knightly chivalrous
brusk brusque
curt brusque
short brusque
unchivalrous caddish
ungallant caddish
well-mannered mannerly
gracious courteous
nice courteous
brattish bratty
bad-mannered ill-mannered
rude ill-mannered
unmannered ill-mannered
unmannerly ill-mannered
ungracious discourteous
polite civil
rude uncivil
originative creative
notional fanciful
inventive imaginative
unimaginative sterile
uninspired sterile
uninventive sterile
believable credible
unbelievable incredible
dumbfounding astounding
dumfounding astounding
marvelous improbable
marvellous improbable
tall improbable
undreamed_of undreamed
undreamt undreamed
undreamt_of undreamed
unimagined undreamed
skeptical disbelieving
sceptical disbelieving
unbelieving disbelieving
faultfinding captious
overcritical hypercritical
vituperative scathing
evaluative appraising
judicial discriminative
noncritical uncritical
grave dangerous
grievous dangerous
serious dangerous
severe dangerous
life-threatening dangerous
dire desperate
noncrucial noncritical
cross-town crosstown
intersectant decussate
intersecting decussate
comose comate
crownless uncrowned
important crucial
decisive critical
life-or-death life-and-death
polar pivotal
crystallised crystallized
uncrystallised uncrystallized
three-dimensional cubic
blocky blockish
boxy boxlike
box-shaped boxlike
cube-shaped cubelike
cubical cubelike
cubiform cubelike
cuboid cubelike
cuboidal cubelike
one-dimensional linear
rectilineal rectilinear
two-dimensional planar
platelike placoid
flattened planate
one-dimensional unidimensional
2-dimensional two-dimensional
flat two-dimensional
3-dimensional three-dimensional
third-dimensional three-dimensional
three-d three-dimensional
4-dimensional four-dimensional
shredded chopped
sliced chopped
perforated pierced
perforate pierced
punctured pierced
cut_off severed
hand-hewn hewn
rough uncut
speculative inquisitive
questioning inquisitive
wondering inquisitive
nosey nosy
prying nosy
snoopy nosy
uninquisitive uninquiring
underway afoot
present-day contemporary
on-going ongoing
online on-line
latest up-to-the-minute
obsolete disused
out-of-date outdated
superannuated outdated
curst cursed
accurst accursed
maledict accursed
blame blasted
blamed blasted
blessed blasted
damn blasted
damned blasted
darned blasted
deuced blasted
goddam blasted
goddamn blasted
goddamned blasted
infernal blasted
stuck_with cursed_with
goddamn damn
execrable damnable
blest blessed
golden fortunate
uncurtained curtainless
custom custom-made
bespoken bespoke
made-to-order bespoke
tailored bespoke
tailor-made bespoke
made-to-order custom-built
off-the-shelf off-the-rack
off-the-peg off-the-rack
ready-to-wear off-the-rack
hand-crafted handmade
handwoven hand-loomed
handstitched handsewn
oversewn overhand
store-bought boughten
cyclical cyclic
alternating alternate
rotary circular
orbitual circular
noncyclical noncyclic
closed-ring closed-chain
isocyclic homocyclic
open-chain acyclic
verticillated verticillate
whorled verticillate
one-year annual
two-year biennial
beat-up battered
beaten-up battered
broken-down bedraggled
derelict bedraggled
dilapidated bedraggled
ramshackle bedraggled
tatterdemalion bedraggled
tumble-down bedraggled
crumpled bent
dented bent
busted broken
weakened hurt
dateable datable
undated dateless
deaf-mute deaf-and-dumb
hearing-impaired hard-of-hearing
stone-deaf profoundly_deaf
deaf_as_a_post profoundly_deaf
unhearing profoundly_deaf
quick-eared sharp-eared
earthy crude
gross crude
vulgar crude
determinant deciding
determinative deciding
determining deciding
fatal fateful
resolute unhesitating
undecided on_the_fence
hesitating hesitant
declaratory declarative
asserting declarative
interrogatory interrogative
proclaimed announced
professed avowed
staid sedate
indelicate indecorous
abyssal abysmal
unfathomable abysmal
unfathomed profound
unplumbed profound
unsounded profound
knee-deep ankle-deep
shelfy reefy
shelvy reefy
shoaly reefy
profound heavy
sound heavy
wakeless heavy
wakeful light
inalienable unforfeitable
victorious triumphant
unconquered unbeaten
unvanquished unbeaten
noncompliant defiant
resistant insubordinate
resistive insubordinate
conformable amenable
vague undefined
undefinable indefinable
clear well-defined
unclear ill-defined
plagiarized plagiaristic
plagiarised plagiaristic
decided distinct
unfixed nebulous
chopfallen chapfallen
crestfallen chapfallen
deflated chapfallen
grim gloomy
blue gloomy
depressed gloomy
dispirited gloomy
down gloomy
downcast gloomy
downhearted gloomy
down_in_the_mouth gloomy
low gloomy
low-spirited gloomy
lonesome lonely
exulting exultant
jubilant exultant
prideful exultant
rejoicing exultant
triumphal exultant
triumphant exultant
exhilarated gladdened
in_high_spirits high
exquisite dainty
gossamer ethereal
tough sturdy
brickle brittle
brickly brittle
friable crumbly
fragile delicate
frail delicate
splinterless shatterproof
splinterproof shatterproof
exacting exigent
hard_to_please hard-to-please
stringent rigorous
tight rigorous
strict stern
exacting stern
crying clamant
exigent clamant
insistent clamant
instant clamant
urgent pressing
shrill strident
pleading beseeching
imploring beseeching
precative precatory
supplicant suppliant
supplicatory suppliant
egalitarian classless
autocratic authoritarian
dictatorial authoritarian
despotic authoritarian
tyrannic authoritarian
tyrannical authoritarian
monarchical monarchal
monarchic monarchal
impulsive capricious
whimsical capricious
discretional discretionary
unarbitrary nonarbitrary
gushing effusive
gushy effusive
epideictical epideictic
reticent restrained
unemotional restrained
refutable questionable
confutable questionable
confutative questionable
indisputable incontestable
undisputable incontestable
irrefutable incontrovertible
positive incontrovertible
denotive denotative
naming appellative
connotative_of connotational
suggestive implicative
dependable reliable
sure certain
time-tested tested
tried tested
tried_and_true tested
undependable unreliable
temperamental erratic
mutualist interdependent
mutually_beneficial interdependent
parasitical parasitic
leechlike parasitic
bloodsucking parasitic
autarkical autarkic
self-directed autonomous
self-reliant autonomous
fissiparous breakaway
separatist breakaway
nonparasitic free-living
nonsymbiotic free-living
case-by-case individual
item-by-item individual
self-sufficing self-sufficient
self-sustaining self-sufficient
main independent
subordinate dependent
partizan partisan
tendencious tendentious
nonpartizan nonpartisan
bipartizan bipartisan
two-party bipartisan
two-way bipartisan
unbiassed unbiased
normative prescriptive
desired coveted
in_demand coveted
sought_after coveted
sexually_attractive delectable
preferred preferable
unwanted undesirable
exterminated annihilated
wiped_out annihilated
spoilt blighted
obliterate blotted_out
obliterated blotted_out
wiped_out broken
impoverished broken
burnt burned
burned-over burned
burned-out burned
burnt-out burned
dismantled demolished
razed demolished
pillaged despoiled
raped despoiled
ravaged despoiled
sacked despoiled
kaput done_for
gone done_for
ruined finished
tattered shattered
war-worn war-torn
maintained kept_up
well-kept kept_up
saved protected
maintained retained
discoverable ascertainable
undeterminable indeterminable
undiscoverable unascertainable
undetermined indeterminate
matured mature
rudimentary vestigial
dextrorsal dextrorse
sinistrorsal sinistrorse
uniform undifferentiated
hard difficult
challenging ambitious
embarrassing awkward
sticky awkward
unenviable awkward
elusive baffling
knotty baffling
problematic baffling
problematical baffling
tough baffling
tricky catchy
ticklish delicate
touchy delicate
tight nasty
rough rocky
tough rugged
effortless casual
soft cushy
easygoing cushy
simple elementary
uncomplicated elementary
unproblematic elementary
formal courtly
stately courtly
grand distinguished
imposing distinguished
magisterial distinguished
humbling demeaning
humiliating demeaning
mortifying demeaning
ridiculous pathetic
silly pathetic
statesmanly statesmanlike
sedulous assiduous
industrious hardworking
tireless hardworking
untiring hardworking
delinquent derelict
neglectful derelict
remiss derelict
slack lax
neglectful inattentive
dilute diluted
thinned cut
weakened cut
washy watery
weak watery
straight neat
full-strength neat
concentrated saturated
diplomatical diplomatic
smooth politic
suave politic
bland politic
kid-glove tactful
conciliative conciliatory
placating appeasing
placative appeasing
placatory appeasing
propitiatory propitiative
unswerving undeviating
askant askance
asquint askance
squint askance
squint-eyed askance
squinty askance
sidelong askance
circuitous devious
roundabout devious
rambling meandering
wandering meandering
winding meandering
candid blunt
forthright blunt
frank blunt
free-spoken blunt
outspoken blunt
plainspoken blunt
point-blank blunt
straight-from-the-shoulder blunt
unvarnished plain
straightforward square
straight square
roundabout circuitous
circumlocutory circumlocutious
periphrastic circumlocutious
ambagious circumlocutious
oblique devious
discursive digressive
excursive digressive
rambling digressive
mealy-mouthed mealymouthed
unmediated direct
percipient clear
clear-sighted clear-eyed
perspicacious clear-eyed
purblind obtuse
blabbermouthed bigmouthed
blabby bigmouthed
talkative bigmouthed
wholesale sweeping
diacritical diacritic
discriminatory discriminative
indiscriminating undiscriminating
usable available
useable available
spendable expendable
liquid fluid
median medial
well-defined chiseled
clean-cut clear
clear-cut clear
sharp crisp
outlined defined
blurred bleary
blurry bleary
foggy bleary
fuzzy bleary
hazy bleary
muzzy bleary
nebulose cloudy
nebulous cloudy
faint dim
shadowy dim
vague dim
wispy dim
focussed focused
unfocussed unfocused
wide-ranging varied
unanimous solid
whole solid
separable dissociable
severable dissociable
indivisible_by undividable
dictatorial authoritarian
overbearing authoritarian
bossy autocratic
dominating autocratic
high-and-mighty autocratic
magisterial autocratic
peremptory autocratic
bullying blustery
high-handed cavalier
roughshod heavy-handed
tyrannical oppressive
tyrannous oppressive
bowing bowed
spiritless meek
groveling cringing
grovelling cringing
wormlike cringing
wormy cringing
henpecked dominated
fawning bootlicking
sycophantic bootlicking
toadyish bootlicking
subservient slavish
submissive slavish
unsubmissive unservile
ascendent ascendant
dominating ascendant
paramount overriding
predominant overriding
predominate overriding
preponderant overriding
preponderating overriding
supreme sovereign
low-level subordinate
assistant adjunct
single-barrelled single-barreled
double-barrelled double-barreled
melodramatic histrionic
stagey stagy
potable drinkable
drunk intoxicated
inebriated intoxicated
bacchanal bacchanalian
bacchic bacchanalian
carousing bacchanalian
orgiastic bacchanalian
blind_drunk besotted
blotto besotted
crocked besotted
cockeyed besotted
fuddled besotted
loaded besotted
pie-eyed besotted
pissed besotted
pixilated besotted
plastered besotted
slopped besotted
sloshed besotted
smashed besotted
soaked besotted
soused besotted
sozzled besotted
squiffy besotted
stiff besotted
tight besotted
wet besotted
tiddly potty
tipsy potty
boozy bibulous
drunken bibulous
sottish bibulous
drugged doped
narcotized doped
narcotised doped
mellow high
stoned hopped-up
stone-sober cold_sober
teetotal dry
unintoxicated uninebriated
dulled blunted
penetrating penetrative
intense acute
keen cutting
knifelike cutting
piercing cutting
stabbing cutting
lancinate cutting
lancinating cutting
bouncy bouncing
peppy bouncing
spirited bouncing
zippy bouncing
effervescent bubbling
frothy bubbling
scintillating bubbling
sparkly bubbling
burbly burbling
effusive burbling
gushing burbling
desiccate arid
desiccated arid
dreary drab
leaden heavy
monotonous humdrum
lacklustre lackluster
lusterless lackluster
lustreless lackluster
dynamical dynamic
ever-changing changing
impulsive driving
energising energizing
kinetic energizing
high-powered high-octane
high-power high-octane
high-voltage high-octane
high-energy high-octane
propellent propellant
propelling propellant
propulsive propellant
self-propelling self-propelled
adynamic undynamic
moribund stagnant
dying anxious
raring impatient
auriculated auriculate
primal aboriginal
primeval aboriginal
primaeval aboriginal
primordial aboriginal
beforehand advance
archaean archean
archaeozoic archeozoic
earliest earlier
untimely premature
premature previous
ripe advanced
primitive archaic
young new
primitive crude
rude crude
embryotic embryonic
inchoate incipient
later late
New modern
worried apprehensive
unstable precarious
eastward eastbound
eastern easterly
eastern easterly
eastmost easternmost
westerly westbound
westward westbound
western westerly
westmost westernmost
Hesperian occidental
mid-Atlantic middle_atlantic
pyknic endomorphic
muscular mesomorphic
comestible edible
eatable edible
non-poisonous nonpoisonous
nontoxic nonpoisonous
parve pareve
uneatable inedible
knowledgeable knowing
learned knowing
lettered knowing
well-educated knowing
well-read knowing
illiterate ignorant
nescient ignorant
unlearned ignorant
unlettered ignorant
untaught unschooled
untutored unschooled
good effective
in_effect effective
in_force effective
in_operation operational
operating operational
effectual effective
efficacious effective
trenchant hard-hitting
telling impressive
uneffective ineffective
ineffectual ineffective
backbreaking arduous
grueling arduous
gruelling arduous
hard arduous
heavy arduous
laborious arduous
operose arduous
punishing arduous
toilsome arduous
tiring exhausting
wearing exhausting
wearying exhausting
labored heavy
laboured heavy
labour-intensive labor-intensive
plodding leaden
straining arduous
strenuous arduous
unstrained unforced
cost-effective cost-efficient
economical economic
wasteful uneconomical
exclamatory emphatic
strong firm
physical forcible
strong-arm forcible
unforceful forceless
wimpy wimpish
live bouncy
lively bouncy
resilient bouncy
springy bouncy
elasticised elasticized
expandible expandable
expansible expandable
expansile expandable
moldable fictile
plastic fictile
whippy flexible
rubberlike rubbery
stretchy stretchable
elected elective
appointed appointive
nominative nominated
non-elective nonelective
nonelected nonelective
nonobligatory nonmandatory
mandatory compulsory
required compulsory
dandyish dandified
foppish dandified
de_luxe deluxe
luxe deluxe
high-toned high-class
recherche exquisite
refined neat
tasteful neat
soignee soigne
graceless gauche
unpolished gauche
suitable desirable
worthy desirable
unsuitable undesirable
unqualified unentitled
affective affectional
emotive affectional
drippy bathetic
hokey bathetic
maudlin bathetic
mawkish bathetic
kitschy bathetic
mushy bathetic
schmaltzy bathetic
schmalzy bathetic
sentimental bathetic
soppy bathetic
soupy bathetic
slushy bathetic
releasing cathartic
supercharged charged
low-down funky
lyrical lyric
temperamental moody
sloppy overemotional
stolid impassive
philosophic philosophical
phlegmatical phlegmatic
stoical stoic
empiric empirical
verifiable confirmable
falsifiable confirmable
existential experiential
data-based experimental
observational experimental
theoretic theoretical
divinatory conjectural
hypothetical conjectural
hypothetic conjectural
supposed conjectural
suppositional conjectural
suppositious conjectural
supposititious conjectural
speculative notional
free-lance freelance
self-employed freelance
on_the_job working
dismissed discharged
fired discharged
laid-off discharged
pink-slipped discharged
jobless idle
out_of_work idle
captivated beguiled
charmed beguiled
delighted beguiled
enthralled beguiled
entranced beguiled
ensorcelled bewitched
hypnotized fascinated
hypnotised fascinated
mesmerized fascinated
mesmerised fascinated
spellbound fascinated
spell-bound fascinated
transfixed fascinated
undeceived disabused
exhortatory exhortative
hortative exhortative
hortatory exhortative
inspiriting heartening
intimidating daunting
demoralising demoralizing
disheartening demoralizing
dispiriting demoralizing
heavy-laden burdened
loaded_down burdened
mired involved
unburdened burdenless
unmortgaged clear
loaded_down bowed_down
overburdened bowed_down
weighed_down bowed_down
oppressed laden
endogamic endogamous
exogamic exogamous
autogamic autogamous
self-fertilised self-fertilized
self-pollinated self-fertilized
endogamic endogamous
exogamic exogamous
energy-absorbing endoergic
energy-releasing exoergic
endothermal endothermic
heat-absorbing endothermic
exothermal exothermic
heat-releasing exothermic
endogenic endogenous
exogenic exogenous
brisk alert
lively alert
merry alert
rattling alert
snappy alert
spanking alert
zippy alert
tireless indefatigable
unflagging indefatigable
unwearying indefatigable
unenrgetic lethargic
foggy dazed
groggy dazed
logy dazed
stuporous dazed
lackadaisical dreamy
languid dreamy
languorous dreamy
disfranchised disenfranchised
voiceless disenfranchised
voteless disenfranchised
explorative exploratory
nonexplorative nonexploratory
unexploratory nonexploratory
unexplorative nonexploratory
investigative fact-finding
investigatory fact-finding
probing inquisitory
searching inquisitory
uninquisitive uninquiring
accumulated accrued
inflated hyperbolic
magnified exaggerated
enlarged exaggerated
elevated raised
reduced decreased
attenuated attenuate
faded attenuate
weakened attenuate
diminished belittled
small belittled
slashed cut
shrivelled shriveled
shrunken shriveled
dark benighted
gumptious energetic
industrious energetic
up-and-coming energetic
nonenterprising unenterprising
unenergetic slowgoing
warm ardent
zealous avid
wild crazy
dotty crazy
gaga crazy
evangelistic evangelical
half-hearted halfhearted
tepid halfhearted
lukewarm halfhearted
wishful desirous
hungry athirst
thirsty athirst
devouring avid
esurient avid
greedy avid
envious covetous
jealous covetous
undesiring undesirous
entozoan entozoic
endozoic entozoic
tantamount equivalent
tight close
fifty-fifty even
isochronous isochronal
isoclinic isoclinal
isometrical isometric
even tied
level tied
unsymmetrical anisometric
uneven mismatched
unequalised unequalized
counterpoised counterbalanced
proportionate harmonious
symmetrical harmonious
imbalanced unbalanced
isosmotic isotonic
ambiguous equivocal
forked double
univocal unequivocal
unambiguous unequivocal
erasable effaceable
extirpable exterminable
removable obliterable
unerasable indelible
inexpungeable inexpungible
inextirpable inexterminable
deep abstruse
recondite abstruse
kabbalistic cabalistic
qabalistic cabalistic
cryptic cabalistic
cryptical cabalistic
sibylline cabalistic
mystic mysterious
mystical mysterious
occult mysterious
secret mysterious
orphic mysterious
primary basal
constitutional constituent
constitutive constituent
organic constituent
substantive substantial
life-sustaining vital
unessential inessential
nonessential incidental
vital critical
low abject
low-down abject
miserable abject
scummy abject
scurvy abject
mean bastardly
pitiable pathetic
pitiful pathetic
eulogistic encomiastic
panegyric encomiastic
panegyrical encomiastic
praiseful laudatory
praising laudatory
deprecating belittling
deprecative belittling
deprecatory belittling
depreciative belittling
depreciatory belittling
slighting belittling
derogatory derogative
disparaging derogative
dislogistic dyslogistic
pejorative dyslogistic
sneering supercilious
snide supercilious
insinuating ingratiating
ingratiatory ingratiating
uncomplimentary unflattering
inoffensive euphemistic
offensive dysphemistic
distressed dysphoric
unhappy dysphoric
level flat
plane flat
flatbottomed flatbottom
straight true
crinkly crinkled
rippled crinkled
wavy crinkled
wavelike crinkled
cross-grained curly-grained
wavy-grained curly-grained
jaggy jagged
scraggy jagged
untrue out_of_true
uneven odd
cone-bearing coniferous
half-evergreen semi-evergreen
broad-leafed broadleaf
broad-leaved broadleaf
verbatim direct
strict rigorous
approximative approximate
rough approximate
loose free
liberal free
exchangeable convertible
redeemable cashable
unconvertible inconvertible
unexchangeable inconvertible
substitutable commutable
permutable transposable
warm quick
flighty skittish
spooky skittish
nervous skittish
nervous aflutter
drunk intoxicated
stirred stimulated
stirred_up stimulated
aroused stimulated
titillated teased
breathtaking breathless
exhilarating elating
galvanic electric
galvanizing electric
galvanising electric
thrilling electrifying
glamourous glamorous
intoxicating heady
tingling tickling
titillating tickling
humdrum commonplace
prosaic commonplace
unglamorous commonplace
unglamourous commonplace
exonerative absolvitory
forgiving absolvitory
justificatory justificative
vindicatory justificative
inculpative inculpatory
accusatory accusative
accusing accusative
accusive accusative
denunciative comminatory
denunciatory comminatory
condemning condemnatory
criminatory criminative
incriminating criminative
incriminatory criminative
damning damnatory
recriminatory recriminative
spent exhausted
left_over leftover
left leftover
odd leftover
remaining leftover
unexpended leftover
unexpended unspent
existing existent
alive active
absent lacking
missing lacking
wanting lacking
destitute barren
devoid barren
free barren
innocent barren
living surviving
nonextant extinct
awaited anticipated
hoped-for anticipated
unheralded unannounced
unpredicted unannounced
unforeseen unanticipated
unlooked-for unanticipated
out_of_the_blue unanticipated
unhoped-for unhoped
unthought unhoped
unthought-of unhoped
opportunistic opportunist
timeserving opportunist
carpetbagging carpetbag
high-ticket big-ticket
dear costly
high-priced costly
pricey costly
pricy costly
costly dearly-won
inexpensive cheap
cut-rate bargain-priced
cut-price bargain-priced
low-priced low-cost
affordable low-cost
threepenny sixpenny
twopenny sixpenny
tuppeny sixpenny
two-a-penny sixpenny
twopenny-halfpenny sixpenny
experient experienced
fully_fledged full-fledged
knowledgeable intimate
versed intimate
older old
practised practiced
veteran seasoned
inexperient inexperienced
unfledged fledgling
callow fledgling
new raw
uninitiated uninitiate
naive uninitiate
unpractised unpracticed
unversed unpracticed
untested unseasoned
untried unseasoned
young unseasoned
interpretable explainable
incomprehensible inexplicable
cryptical cryptic
deep cryptic
inscrutable cryptic
mysterious cryptic
mystifying cryptic
self-contradictory paradoxical
unexplainable unaccountable
expressed explicit
stated declared
unequivocal definitive
hardcore hard-core
inexplicit implicit
inherent implicit_in
underlying implicit_in
tacit silent
understood silent
unsaid unexpressed
unstated unexpressed
unuttered unexpressed
unverbalized unexpressed
unverbalised unexpressed
unvoiced unexpressed
unspoken unexpressed
undeveloped unexploited
utterable speakable
unexpressible inexpressible
indescribable indefinable
ineffable indefinable
unspeakable indefinable
untellable indefinable
unutterable indefinable
extensible extensile
protractible protractile
protrusible protrusile
inextensible nonextensile
nonprotractile nonextensile
fingerlike digitate
cavernous erectile
expandible expandable
expansible expandable
outmost outermost
innermost inmost
innermost inmost
interior inner
internal inner
private secret
sharp-eyed keen-eyed
round-eyed saucer-eyed
just fair
antitrust antimonopoly
sporting clean
sporty clean
sportsmanlike clean
unjust unfair
dirty cheating
foul cheating
unsporting cheating
unsportsmanlike cheating
just equitable
fair honest
unjust inequitable
loyal firm
truehearted firm
fast firm
perfidious punic
treacherous punic
cheating adulterous
two-timing adulterous
hardcore hard-core
traitorous faithless
unfaithful faithless
treasonable faithless
treasonous faithless
seditious insurgent
subversive insurgent
renegade recreant
error-prone erring
unreliable undependable
unfailing foolproof
inerrant inerrable
unerring inerrable
well-known long-familiar
unknown strange
unacquainted_with unacquainted
unfamiliar_with unacquainted
unusual strange
fantastic antic
fantastical antic
grotesque antic
funny curious
odd curious
peculiar curious
queer curious
rum curious
rummy curious
singular curious
eery eerie
usual common
stylish fashionable
a_la_mode latest
in_style latest
in_vogue latest
modish latest
dashing dapper
jaunty dapper
natty dapper
raffish dapper
rakish dapper
spiffy dapper
snappy dapper
spruce dapper
faddy faddish
swagger groovy
cutting-edge up-to-date
with-it up-to-date
modern mod
modernistic mod
quaint old-time
olde_worlde old-time
swanky swank
trend-setting trendsetting
voguish trendy
unstylish unfashionable
demode antique
ex antique
old-fashioned antique
old-hat antique
outmoded antique
passe antique
passee antique
frumpy dowdy
frumpish dowdy
moss-grown fogyish
mossy fogyish
stick-in-the-mud fogyish
stodgy fogyish
fashionable stylish
smart chic
voguish chic
posh classy
swish classy
unstylish styleless
hot blistering
red-hot blistering
swift fleet
high-velocity high-speed
scurrying hurrying
prompt immediate
quick immediate
straightaway immediate
instant instantaneous
speedy quick
speedy rapid
laggard dilatory
poky dilatory
pokey dilatory
long-playing long-play
sulky sluggish
choosey choosy
nice dainty
overnice dainty
prissy dainty
squeamish dainty
finicky finical
fussy finical
particular finical
picky finical
persnickety pernickety
old-womanish old-maidish
exacting fastidious
paunchy abdominous
potbellied abdominous
embonpoint chubby
plump chubby
zaftig buxom
zoftig buxom
obese corpulent
weighty corpulent
rotund corpulent
jowly double-chinned
loose-jowled double-chinned
podgy dumpy
pudgy dumpy
tubby dumpy
roly-poly dumpy
heavy fleshy
overweight fleshy
porcine gross
stout portly
lean thin
anorectic anorexic
cadaverous bony
emaciated bony
gaunt bony
haggard bony
pinched bony
skeletal bony
wasted bony
hollow-eyed deep-eyed
sunken-eyed deep-eyed
gangly gangling
lanky gangling
spindly lank
reedlike reedy
twiglike twiggy
boney scraggy
scrawny scraggy
skinny scraggy
underweight scraggy
weedy scraggy
shrivelled shriveled
shrunken shriveled
withered shriveled
wizen shriveled
wizened shriveled
slight slender
slim slender
svelte slender
slim-waisted slender-waisted
wasp-waisted slender-waisted
trim spare
spindle-shanked spindle-legged
wiry stringy
wispy wisplike
fat fatty
oily greasy
sebaceous greasy
oleaginous greasy
fat-free nonfat
fatless nonfat
lite light
low-cal light
calorie-free light
skimmed skim
deathly deadly
mortal deadly
lethal deadly
plumbable fathomable
soundable fathomable
favourable favorable
unfavourable unfavorable
contrary adverse
favourable favorable
affirmative approving
approbative approving
approbatory approving
plausive approving
unfavourable unfavorable
admonishing admonitory
reproachful admonitory
reproving admonitory
inauspicious adverse
untoward adverse
invidious discriminatory
feathery featherlike
vaned fledged
plumed plumate
plumose plumate
plumy plumed
plumy plumelike
featherless unfeathered
fledgeless unfledged
unvaned unfledged
gratulatory congratulatory
well-chosen happy
clumsy awkward
cumbersome awkward
inapt awkward
inept awkward
ill-chosen awkward
impregnable conceptive
unfertile sterile
infertile sterile
sterilised sterilized
unfertilised unfertilized
unimpregnated unfertilized
concluded complete
ended complete
over complete
all_over complete
terminated complete
through done
through_with done
through_with done_with
uncompleted incomplete
polished dressed
unsanded raw
rough-cut roughhewn
delimited bounded
unbounded boundless
limitless boundless
endless dateless
sempiternal dateless
unlimited inexhaustible
non-finite infinite
first beginning
initiative inaugural
initiatory inaugural
first inaugural
maiden inaugural
final concluding
last concluding
terminal concluding
archetypical archetypal
prototypal archetypal
prototypic archetypal
prototypical archetypal
introductory basic
eldest firstborn
first-year freshman
premiere premier
prime premier
fourth-year senior
gray grey
mediate in-between
middle in-between
third-year junior
next-to-last junior
next-to-last penultimate
second-year sophomore
fissile fissionable
able-bodied able
in_condition conditioned
impaired afflicted
apraxic apractic
bandy-legged bandy
bowed bandy
bowleg bandy
bowlegged bandy
halt crippled
halting crippled
lame crippled
gimpy crippled
game crippled
crookbacked crookback
humped crookback
humpbacked crookback
hunchbacked crookback
gibbous crookback
kyphotic crookback
handicapped disabled
flabby soft
flaccid soft
lordotic dipped
swayback dipped
swaybacked dipped
mutilated maimed
suited suitable
flexile flexible
pliable bendable
pliant bendable
waxy bendable
supple limber
spinnbar spinnable
stiff rigid
supple limber
on_the_table negotiable
adamantine adamant
inexorable adamant
intransigent adamant
rock-ribbed die-hard
fossilised fossilized
ossified fossilized
brassbound ironclad
sturdy uncompromising
inflexible uncompromising
hardline hard-line
conciliatory compromising
flexible compromising
flexible elastic
pliable elastic
pliant elastic
rigid inflexible
unbending inflexible
inverted anatropous
curling curled
frizzly crisp
frizzy crisp
kinky crisp
nappy crisp
fast-footed swift-footed
web-toed web-footed
apodous apodal
pointed-toe pointy-toed
squared-toe square-toed
two-toe two-toed
splayfoot splayfooted
forehanded forehand
backhanded backhand
inborn connatural
inbred connatural
adoptive adopted
strange foreign
exotic alien
naturalized established
nonnative foreign-born
unnaturalised unnaturalized
autochthonic autochthonal
autochthonous autochthonal
endemic autochthonal
indigenous autochthonal
aboriginal native
overseas abroad
international external
outside external
interior home
internal home
national home
persistent haunting
tolerant kind
vindictive revengeful
vengeful revengeful
conventional ceremonious
full-dress dress
dress full-dress
titular nominal
prescribed positive
perfunctory pro_forma
semi-formal semiformal
black-tie semiformal
stiff starchy
buckram starchy
everyday casual
daily casual
casual free-and-easy
unceremonial unceremonious
conversational colloquial
vernacular common
vulgar common
epistolatory epistolary
nonliterary unliterary
happy felicitous
well good
providential heaven-sent
miraculous heaven-sent
calamitous black
disastrous black
fatal black
fateful black
homeless dispossessed
roofless dispossessed
miserable hapless
misfortunate hapless
pathetic hapless
piteous hapless
pitiable hapless
pitiful hapless
poor hapless
wretched hapless
ill-fated doomed
ill-omened doomed
ill-starred doomed
unlucky doomed
unhappy infelicitous
too_bad regrettable
redolent aromatic
odorous odoriferous
perfumed odoriferous
scented odoriferous
sweet odoriferous
sweet-scented odoriferous
sweet-smelling odoriferous
scented perfumed
malodourous malodorous
unpleasant-smelling malodorous
ill-smelling malodorous
stinky malodorous
foetid fetid
foul fetid
foul-smelling fetid
funky fetid
noisome fetid
smelly fetid
stinking fetid
ill-scented fetid
musty fusty
frowsty fusty
gamy gamey
high gamey
mephitic miasmic
odorous odoriferous
rancid sour
musky-scented musk-scented
smelling redolent
strong-scented strong-smelling
tansy-smelling tansy-scented
odourless odorless
inodorous odorless
conjugated conjugate
conjugated conjugate
firm fast
immobile fast
free detached
unsteady unfirm
escaped at_large
loose at_large
on_the_loose at_large
independent autonomous
self-governing autonomous
sovereign autonomous
uncommitted available
atrip aweigh
liberated emancipated
unimprisoned unconfined
adscripted adscript
articled apprenticed
bound apprenticed
indentured apprenticed
cornered at_bay
trapped at_bay
treed at_bay
confined captive
imprisoned captive
jailed captive
nonsovereign nonautonomous
slaveless free-soil
non-slave free-soil
prevalent prevailing
predominant prevailing
dominant prevailing
rife prevailing
steady regular
undecomposed good
unspoiled good
unspoilt good
warm strong
spoiled bad
spoilt bad
maggoty flyblown
wilted limp
mouldy moldy
musty moldy
tainted corrupt
cured aged
crystalized candied
crystalised candied
glace candied
tinned canned
cured corned
dehydrated dried
desiccated dried
quick-frozen flash-frozen
frozen flash-frozen
lyophilised lyophilized
freeze-dried lyophilized
salt-cured salted
brine-cured salted
smoke-cured smoked
smoke-dried smoked
sundried sun-dried
sweet fresh
briny brackish
amiable affable
cordial affable
genial affable
matey chummy
pally chummy
palsy-walsy chummy
hail-fellow comradely
hail-fellow-well-met comradely
couthy couthie
intimate cozy
informal cozy
neighbourly neighborly
scowling beetle-browed
unneighbourly unneighborly
melting liquescent
baccate berried
bacciferous berried
plentiful bountiful
fertile fat
productive fat
rich fat
procreative generative
reproductive generative
fertile prolific
stillborn abortive
unsuccessful abortive
awash afloat
flooded afloat
inundated afloat
overflowing afloat
brimfull brimful
brimming brimful
chock-full chockablock
chockful chockablock
choke-full chockablock
chuck-full chockablock
cram_full chockablock
engorged congested
pregnant fraught
overfull glutted
weighed_down heavy
replete instinct
loaded laden
ladened laden
overloaded overladen
untasted untouched
stripped bare
clean blank
white blank
glazed glassy
pillaged looted
plundered looted
ransacked looted
parttime part-time
temporary irregular
useful utilitarian
decorative cosmetic
ornamental cosmetic
operative running
functional running
working running
nonfunctional malfunctioning
awry amiss
haywire amiss
wrong amiss
defective bad
lateen-rigged lateen
equipt equipped
accoutred accoutered
panoplied armored
transistorised transistorized
mature fledged
fledgeling fledgling
fully_fledged full-fledged
immature unfledged
equipped furnished
outfitted fitted_out
stocked_with stocked
well-found well-appointed
coal-burning coal-fired
wood-burning wood-fired
nominal nominative
double-geared back-geared
meshed engaged
intermeshed engaged
unspecific broad
all-purpose general-purpose
special limited
peculiar particular
special particular
particularised particularized
widely_distributed cosmopolitan
gilled branchiate
abranchial abranchiate
abranchious abranchiate
gill-less abranchiate
centralised centralized
decentralised decentralized
localised localized
suburbanised suburbanized
untechnical nontechnical
freehearted benevolent
bighearted big
bounteous big
bountiful big
freehanded big
handsome big
giving big
liberal big
openhanded big
munificent lavish
overgenerous lavish
too-generous lavish
unsparing lavish
unstinted lavish
unstinting lavish
ungenerous stingy
mean beggarly
chinchy cheap
chintzy cheap
close cheeseparing
near cheeseparing
penny-pinching cheeseparing
skinny cheeseparing
hardfisted closefisted
tightfisted closefisted
niggardly grudging
scrimy grudging
mingy mean
miserly mean
tight mean
penurious parsimonious
large big
magnanimous big
meanspirited ungenerous
echt genuine
bona_fide authentic
unquestionable authentic
veritable authentic
authenticated attested
documented attested
honest good
honest-to-goodness honest-to-god
old honest-to-god
sure-enough honest-to-god
imitative counterfeit
false assumed
fictitious assumed
fictive assumed
pretended assumed
put_on assumed
sham assumed
forged bad
fake bogus
phony bogus
phoney bogus
bastard bogus
unauthentic inauthentic
spurious inauthentic
ostensive ostensible
gifted talented
talentless untalented
shiny glazed
vitreous glassy
vitrified glassy
calendered glossy
glassed glazed
glassless unglazed
historied celebrated
storied celebrated
elysian divine
inspired divine
empyrean empyreal
sublime empyreal
unknown obscure
unsung obscure
a-okay a-ok
bully bang-up
corking bang-up
cracking bang-up
dandy bang-up
great bang-up
groovy bang-up
keen bang-up
neat bang-up
nifty bang-up
not_bad bang-up
peachy bang-up
slap-up bang-up
swell bang-up
smashing bang-up
acceptable satisfactory
well_behaved well-behaved
abominable atrocious
awful atrocious
dreadful atrocious
painful atrocious
terrible atrocious
unspeakable atrocious
corky corked
distressing deplorable
lamentable deplorable
pitiful deplorable
sad deplorable
sorry deplorable
frightful fearful
tough hard
crappy icky
lousy icky
rotten icky
shitty icky
stinking icky
stinky icky
unskilled incompetent
no-good rubber
unfavourable unfavorable
angelical angelic
beatific angelic
saintlike angelic
saintly angelic
sainted angelic
redeeming redemptive
saving redemptive
flagitious atrocious
grievous atrocious
monstrous atrocious
dark black
sinister black
perversive corruptive
pestiferous corruptive
diabolic demonic
diabolical demonic
fiendish demonic
hellish demonic
infernal demonic
satanic demonic
unholy demonic
ugly despicable
vile despicable
slimy despicable
unworthy despicable
worthless despicable
wretched despicable
diabolic devilish
diabolical devilish
mephistophelian devilish
mephistophelean devilish
good-humored amiable
good-humoured amiable
even-tempered equable
good-tempered equable
placid equable
bilious atrabilious
dyspeptic atrabilious
liverish atrabilious
prickly bristly
splenetic bristly
waspish bristly
crotchety cantankerous
ornery cantankerous
irascible choleric
hotheaded choleric
hot-tempered choleric
quick-tempered choleric
short-tempered choleric
crabby crabbed
cross crabbed
fussy crabbed
grouchy crabbed
grumpy crabbed
bad-tempered crabbed
ill-tempered crabbed
fractious cranky
irritable cranky
nettlesome cranky
peevish cranky
peckish cranky
pettish cranky
petulant cranky
scratchy cranky
testy cranky
tetchy cranky
techy cranky
curmudgeonly crusty
gruff crusty
ill-humored crusty
ill-humoured crusty
dour dark
glowering dark
glum dark
moody dark
morose dark
saturnine dark
sour dark
sullen dark
sulky huffish
misanthropical misanthropic
misogynistic misogynous
snorty shirty
nagging shrewish
snappy snappish
spoilt spoiled
ugly surly
vinegarish vinegary
fluid fluent
liquid fluent
smooth fluent
willowy gracile
lissom lissome
lithe lissome
lithesome lissome
slender lissome
supple lissome
svelte lissome
sylphlike lissome
clumsy gawky
clunky gawky
ungainly gawky
unwieldy gawky
ungraceful graceless
laboured labored
strained labored
graceful elegant
refined elegant
unpleasing graceless
in_small_stages bit-by-bit
piecemeal bit-by-bit
step-by-step bit-by-bit
stepwise bit-by-bit
gradatory gradational
graduated gradational
jerky choppy
gentle easy
precipitous abrupt
sharp abrupt
bold bluff
sheer bluff
well-formed grammatical
ill-formed ungrammatical
thankful grateful
thankless ungrateful
unthankful ungrateful
haploidic haploid
monoploid haploid
halcyon golden
prosperous golden
riant laughing
suffering miserable
wretched miserable
sorry regretful
bad regretful
unregretting unregretful
hornlike corneous
horny corneous
erect tumid
solid firm
granitelike granitic
rocklike granitic
stony granitic
set hardened
stonelike petrous
fleecy brushed
napped brushed
squeezable compressible
cushiony cushioned
padded cushioned
emollient demulcent
salving demulcent
softening demulcent
downlike downy
flossy downy
fluffy downy
woolly flocculent
wooly flocculent
semisoft softish
squashy spongy
squishy spongy
spongelike spongy
velvety velvet
calculative calculating
conniving calculating
scheming calculating
shrewd calculating
hardened case-hardened
hard-boiled case-hardened
continuant fricative
sibilant fricative
spirant fricative
strident fricative
palatalized palatal
palatalised palatal
concentrated hard
diffuse soft
diffused soft
heartless hardhearted
flint flinty
granitic flinty
obdurate flinty
stony flinty
soft-boiled softhearted
strong hard
intoxicating intoxicant
spiritous spirituous
innocuous innocent
hurtful deleterious
injurious deleterious
calumnious calumniatory
defamatory calumniatory
denigrative calumniatory
denigrating calumniatory
denigratory calumniatory
libellous calumniatory
libelous calumniatory
slanderous calumniatory
ruinous catastrophic
detrimental damaging
prejudicial damaging
prejudicious damaging
pernicious insidious
subtle insidious
wounding stabbing
harmonic consonant
harmonical consonant
harmonized consonant
harmonised consonant
sympathetic harmonic
true on-key
symphonious symphonic
unharmonious inharmonious
disharmonious discordant
dissonant discordant
inharmonic discordant
off-key false
sour false
dissonant unresolved
anthelminthic anthelmintic
helminthic anthelmintic
parasiticidal anthelmintic
antimicrobic antimicrobial
flatus-relieving carminative
psychotherapeutic cathartic
healing curative
alterative curative
remedial curative
sanative curative
therapeutic curative
salutary good
medicinal medicative
preventative preventive
prophylactic preventive
restorative recuperative
disabling crippling
incapacitating crippling
morbific infective
pathogenic infective
unmedicative unmedicinal
unmedical unmedicinal
nonmedicinal unmedicinal
operative surgical
rose-cheeked flushed
rosy flushed
rosy-cheeked flushed
sound good
whole hale
full-blooded hearty
lusty hearty
red-blooded hearty
ruddy rubicund
florid rubicund
sanguine rubicund
creaky arthritic
rheumatic arthritic
rheumatoid arthritic
rheumy arthritic
wheezing asthmatic
wheezy asthmatic
unfit bad
unsound bad
blistery blebby
intumescent puffy
tumescent puffy
tumid puffy
turgid puffy
ulcerated cankerous
ulcerous cankerous
carbuncular carbuncled
flatulent colicky
gassy colicky
morbid diseased
pathologic diseased
pathological diseased
dropsical edematous
foamy foaming
frothing foaming
mortified gangrenous
ingrown ingrowing
icteric jaundiced
yellow jaundiced
membrane-forming membranous
pro-inflammatory proinflammatory
sickly sallow
sunburnt sunburned
windburnt windburned
ambrosian ambrosial
ethereal celestial
supernal celestial
godly divine
godlike divine
paradisiac paradisiacal
paradisaical paradisiacal
paradisaic paradisiacal
paradisal paradisiacal
divine providential
translunary translunar
superlunar translunar
superlunary translunar
terrene mundane
sublunary sublunar
terrestrial sublunar
decapitated beheaded
soggy doughy
floaty buoyant
onerous burdensome
taxing burdensome
distressful distressing
disturbing distressing
perturbing distressing
troubling distressing
worrisome distressing
worrying distressing
weighted leaden
casual fooling
gentle easy
soft easy
lightsome light
tripping light
lumbering heavy
ponderous heavy
lightly-armed light-armed
unheeding heedless
regardless careless
indifferent deaf
attentive heedful
thoughtful heedful
paying_attention heedful
sanctioning sanctionative
disqualifying disabling
instrumental implemental
subservient implemental
laboursaving laborsaving
reformatory reformative
stabilising stabilizing
heterogenous heterogeneous
miscellaneous assorted
mixed assorted
motley assorted
sundry assorted
nonuniform inhomogeneous
homogenous homogeneous
uniform consistent
self-colored solid
self-coloured solid
homogenised homogenized
queer gay
homophile gay
sapphic lesbian
paederastic pederastic
transgendered transgender
transvestite transvestic
hierarchal hierarchical
hierarchic hierarchical
stratified class-conscious
ranked graded
stratified graded
nonhierarchic nonhierarchical
unordered ungraded
unranked ungraded
dominating commanding
overlooking commanding
lofty eminent
soaring eminent
towering eminent
high-altitude high-level
high-stepping high-stepped
high-topped high-top
flat-growing low-growing
ground-hugging low-growing
low-altitude low-level
low-set lowset
under nether
underslung squat
lifted upraised
hi-tech high-tech
sophisticated advanced
low-cut decollete
low-necked decollete
full broad
postgraduate graduate
utmost last
devalued debased
degraded debased
down depressed
rock-bottom reduced
high-pitched high
pinched adenoidal
nasal adenoidal
alto countertenor
spiky peaky
sharp shrill
screechy screaky
squeaking screaky
squeaky screaky
squealing screaky
treble soprano
low-pitched low
contralto alto
deep bass
double-bass contrabass
apelike apish
imitative echoic
onomatopoeic echoic
onomatopoeical echoic
onomatopoetic echoic
multistorey multistory
multistoried multistory
storeyed storied
highland upland
subalpine alpestrine
sea-level low-lying
homological homologic
heterologic heterologous
heterological heterologous
honorable honest
dishonorable dishonest
deceitful ambidextrous
double-dealing ambidextrous
duplicitous ambidextrous
Janus-faced ambidextrous
two-faced ambidextrous
double-faced ambidextrous
double-tongued ambidextrous
fallacious deceitful
fraudulent deceitful
misleading deceptive
shoddy deceptive
roguish rascally
scoundrelly rascally
blackguardly rascally
thievish thieving
true truthful
honourable honorable
revered august
venerable august
time-honoured time-honored
dishonourable dishonorable
disgraceful black
ignominious black
inglorious black
opprobrious black
shameful black
degrading debasing
anticipative anticipant
expectant anticipant
unhopeful abject
bleak black
dim black
desperate despairing
heartsick despondent
lost helpless
institutionalised institutionalized
noninstitutionalised noninstitutionalized
institutionalised institutionalized
disconsolate inconsolable
unconsolable inconsolable
swimming naiant
perpendicular vertical
unsloped upright
canted atilt
leaning atilt
tilted atilt
tipped atilt
aslope aslant
diagonal aslant
slanted aslant
slanting aslant
sloped aslant
sloping aslant
skewed skew
vertical erect
upright erect
rearing rampant
unbent straight
unbowed straight
decumbent accumbent
recumbent accumbent
bent bended
drooping cernuous
nodding cernuous
pendulous cernuous
weeping cernuous
sleeping dormant
prostrate flat
round-backed hunched
round-shouldered hunched
stooped hunched
stooping hunched
crooked hunched
prostrate prone
resupine supine
sitting seated
pouring gushing
spouting jetting
spurting jetting
squirting jetting
stagnant dead
pass passing
genial kind
barren bare
bleak bare
desolate bare
stark bare
waste godforsaken
wild godforsaken
uncongenial hostile
unfriendly hostile
belligerent aggressive
antipathetic antagonistic
antipathetical antagonistic
opposing opponent
inimical unfriendly
favorable friendly
well-disposed friendly
unthreatening well-meaning
baking_hot baking
blistery blistering
warming calefacient
calefactive calefactory
fervid fervent
igneous fiery
heated_up heated
het heated
het_up heated
stifling sultry
sulfurous sultry
sulphurous sultry
sweltry sweltering
tropic tropical
white-hot white
frigid arctic
gelid arctic
glacial arctic
icy arctic
polar arctic
cutting bleak
raw bleak
parky chilly
frosty crisp
nipping crisp
nippy crisp
snappy crisp
rimed frosty
rimy frosty
refrigerating refrigerant
unwarmed unheated
early-flowering spring-flowering
spring-blooming spring-flowering
early-blooming spring-flowering
late-spring-blooming spring-flowering
estival aestival
summer-blooming summer-flowering
autumn-blooming autumn-flowering
fall-flowering autumn-flowering
fall-blooming autumn-flowering
late-flowering autumn-flowering
late-blooming autumn-flowering
wintery wintry
hibernal brumal
hiemal brumal
winter-flowering winter-blooming
flaming fiery
sizzling red-hot
sultry sensual
passionless emotionless
frosty frigid
frozen frigid
glacial frigid
icy frigid
wintry frigid
manlike anthropoid
anthropomorphous anthropomorphic
humanlike anthropomorphic
frail fallible
imperfect fallible
weak fallible
hominid hominian
anthropoidal anthropoid
apelike anthropoid
dehumanised dehumanized
unhuman dehumanized
godlike divine
powerful herculean
human-centred human-centered
humanist human-centered
humanistic human-centered
humanitarian human-centered
brutal barbarous
cruel barbarous
fell barbarous
roughshod barbarous
savage barbarous
vicious barbarous
bestial beastly
brute beastly
brutish beastly
brutal beastly
cold-blooded cold
inhuman cold
insensate cold
unkind pitiless
humourous humorous
facetious bantering
tongue-in-cheek bantering
clownish buffoonish
clownlike buffoonish
zany buffoonish
comic amusing
comical amusing
funny amusing
laughable amusing
mirthful amusing
risible amusing
ironic dry
ironical dry
wry dry
ludicrous farcical
ridiculous farcical
screaming hilarious
uproarious hilarious
jocose jesting
jocular jesting
joking jesting
sidesplitting killing
seriocomical seriocomic
tragicomical tragicomic
humourless humorless
unhumorous humorless
empty-bellied empty
ravenous famished
sharp-set famished
starved famished
esurient famished
quick flying
fast flying
headlong hasty
overhasty hasty
precipitate hasty
precipitant hasty
precipitous hasty
pell-mell helter-skelter
rushed rush
deliberate careful
measured careful
easygoing easy
leisurely easy
distinctive classifiable
recognisable recognizable
placeable recognizable
unrecognisable unrecognizable
subjective immanent
transient transeunt
dickey dicky
lessened diminished
vitiated diminished
weakened diminished
dyslexic dyslectic
of_import important
all_important all-important
crucial all-important
essential all-important
of_the_essence all-important
central cardinal
fundamental cardinal
key cardinal
primal cardinal
main chief
primary chief
principal chief
master chief
eventful consequential
grievous grave
heavy grave
weighty grave
outstanding great
inconsequential inconsequent
indifferent immaterial
footling fiddling
lilliputian fiddling
little fiddling
niggling fiddling
piddling fiddling
piffling fiddling
petty fiddling
picayune fiddling
trivial fiddling
small-time nickel-and-dime
awe-inspiring amazing
awesome amazing
awful amazing
awing amazing
sensational arresting
stunning arresting
astounding astonishing
staggering astonishing
stupefying astonishing
imposing baronial
noble baronial
stately baronial
eye-popping dazzling
fulgurant dazzling
fulgurous dazzling
spectacular dramatic
striking dramatic
grand expansive
heroic expansive
lofty gallant
majestic gallant
proud gallant
glorious brilliant
magnificent brilliant
splendid brilliant
perceptible detectable
evident discernible
observable discernible
pronounced marked
undistinguished insignificant
reinforced built
ungraded dirt
disposed apt
given apt
minded apt
tending apt
partial fond
antipathetical antipathetic
averse antipathetic
indisposed antipathetic
loath antipathetic
loth antipathetic
inward inbound
next future
succeeding future
influent inflowing
outward outbound
outward-bound outbound
outflowing effluent
preceding past
retiring past
inferential illative
effete decadent
betting dissipated
card-playing dissipated
sporting dissipated
luxurious epicurean
luxuriant epicurean
sybaritic epicurean
voluptuary epicurean
voluptuous epicurean
hedonistic hedonic
epicurean hedonic
hard intemperate
heavy intemperate
strict nonindulgent
stern austere
puritanic blue
puritanical blue
disciplinary corrective
disciplinal corrective
renunciative renunciant
self-abnegating renunciant
self-denying renunciant
self-restraining self-disciplined
spartan severe
highly-developed developed
industrialised industrialized
underdeveloped developing
unindustrialised unindustrialized
communicable catching
contagious catching
contractable catching
transmissible catching
transmittable catching
contaminating corrupting
noncontagious noncommunicable
nontransmissible noncommunicable
chthonic chthonian
nether chthonian
Plutonian hadean
Tartarean hadean
informatory informative
consultative advisory
consultatory advisory
consultive advisory
illustrative exemplifying
telling revealing
telltale revealing
agnostical agnostic
unbelieving nescient
au_courant abreast
au_fait abreast
up_on abreast
familiar conversant
enlightened educated
hip hep
hip_to hep
wise knowing
wise_to knowing
knowing knowledgeable
unknowledgeable ignorant
unknowing ignorant
unwitting ignorant
unacquainted innocent
unenlightened uninstructed
naive uninstructed
artless ingenuous
open candid
heart-to-heart candid
artful disingenuous
misrepresented distorted
perverted distorted
twisted distorted
colonised colonized
settled colonized
tenanted occupied
thickly_settled populous
derelict abandoned
deserted abandoned
untenanted unoccupied
unpopulated unpeopled
solitary lonely
unfrequented lonely
heritable inheritable
hereditary ancestral
patrimonial ancestral
transmissible ancestral
genetic familial
hereditary familial
inherited familial
transmitted familial
transmissible familial
nonheritable noninheritable
inborn congenital
innate congenital
nontransmissible nonhereditary
repressed pent-up
stifled smothered
strangled smothered
suppressed smothered
livid black-and-blue
dislocated disjointed
separated disjointed
wounded hurt
lacerated lacerate
mangled lacerate
torn lacerate
inviolate intact
unhurt unharmed
unscathed unharmed
whole unharmed
guiltless innocent
clean-handed innocent
clear absolved
cleared absolved
exculpated absolved
exonerated absolved
vindicated absolved
not_guilty acquitted
inculpable blameless
irreproachable blameless
unimpeachable blameless
blamable blameworthy
blameable blameworthy
blameful blameworthy
censurable blameworthy
culpable blameworthy
indictable chargeable
fineable finable
exalting ennobling
informative instructive
elucidative clarifying
illustrative demonstrative
didactical didactic
expositive expository
interpretive interpretative
enlightening edifying
unenlightening unedifying
informative enlightening
illuminating enlightening
unilluminating unenlightening
coeducational co-ed
nonsegregated desegrated
unsegregated desegrated
mixed interracial
unintegrated segregated
quarantined isolated
lily-white white
co-ordinated coordinated
interconnected coordinated
unified coordinated
tightly_knit tight-knit
unintegrated nonintegrated
homogenised homogenized
unhomogenised unhomogenized
sorbed occluded
unmixed uncompounded
combinatory combinative
combinatorial combinative
unifying consolidative
endogenetic endogenic
highbrowed highbrow
serious good
philistine anti-intellectual
lowbrowed lowbrow
uncultivated lowbrow
nimble agile
clever apt
brilliant brainy
smart_as_a_whip brainy
smart bright
born natural
innate natural
ready quick
trenchant searching
stupid unintelligent
headless brainless
thick slurred
witting conscious
calculated deliberate
measured deliberate
knowing intentional
well-meaning well-intentioned
well-meant well-intentioned
inadvertent accidental
fortuitous causeless
uncaused causeless
unplanned unintentional
unwitting unintentional
intentional designed
exacerbating aggravating
exasperating aggravating
enhancive augmentative
thickening deepening
alleviatory alleviative
lenitive alleviative
mitigative alleviative
mitigatory alleviative
palliative alleviative
analgetic analgesic
anodyne analgesic
interspecific interspecies
intraspecific intraspecies
indifferent apathetic
bored blase
benumbed dulled
engrossing absorbing
fascinating absorbing
gripping absorbing
riveting absorbing
amusive amusing
diverting amusing
deadening boring
dull boring
ho-hum boring
irksome boring
slow boring
tedious boring
tiresome boring
wearisome boring
jejune insipid
soporiferous narcotic
soporific narcotic
prosaic pedestrian
prosy pedestrian
earthbound pedestrian
intragroup internal
interschool interscholastic
intrinsical intrinsic
constitutional built-in
inbuilt built-in
inherent built-in
integral built-in
internal inner
intimate inner
foreign alien
extraneous external
outside external
introverted introspective
self-examining introspective
extroverted extrospective
introvertive introversive
shut-in introvertish
extraversive extroversive
extravert extrovert
extroverted extrovert
extraverted extrovert
extrovertive extrovert
extravertive extrovert
invasive encroaching
trespassing encroaching
meddlesome interfering
meddling interfering
officious interfering
busy interfering
busybodied interfering
not_intrusive unintrusive
beetling beetle
bellying bellied
bulbous bellied
bulging bellied
bulgy bellied
protuberant bellied
projected jutting
projecting jutting
protruding jutting
relieved jutting
sticking jutting
sticking_out jutting
undershot underhung
underslung underhung
ventricous ventricose
eruptive igneous
sedimentary aqueous
plutonic irruptive
fast-growing aggressive
strong-growing aggressive
enlivening animating
brisk bracing
fresh bracing
refreshing bracing
refreshful bracing
tonic bracing
stimulating exhilarating
vitalizing life-giving
restorative renewing
reviving renewing
revitalizing renewing
revitalising renewing
enervating debilitative
enfeebling debilitative
weakening debilitative
exhausting draining
tantalising tantalizing
tempting tantalizing
tantalising tantalizing
untempting unattractive
ex_vivo in_vitro
smoothened smoothed
wrinkled unironed
permanent-press drip-dry
wrinkly wrinkled
wrinkleless unwrinkled
isotropous isotropic
eolotropic aeolotropic
mournful doleful
melancholic melancholy
wistful pensive
tragical tragic
tragicomical tragicomic
tormented anguished
tortured anguished
bereft bereaved
grief-stricken bereaved
grieving bereaved
mourning bereaved
sorrowing bereaved
heartbroken brokenhearted
heartsick brokenhearted
dolourous dolorous
lachrymose dolorous
tearful dolorous
weeping dolorous
heartbreaking grievous
heartrending grievous
wailing lamenting
wailful lamenting
plaintive mournful
woeful woebegone
enraptured ecstatic
rapturous ecstatic
rapt ecstatic
rhapsodic ecstatic
gleeful elated
joyful elated
jubilant elated
festal gay
festive gay
merry gay
jocund gay
jolly gay
jovial gay
merry gay
mirthful gay
sepulchral funereal
succulent lush
meet fitting
retributory retributive
vindicatory retributive
deserved merited
gracious benignant
benevolent charitable
kindly charitable
sympathetic charitable
good-hearted charitable
openhearted charitable
large-hearted charitable
kind-hearted kindhearted
edged cutting
stinging cutting
rough harsh
unsympathetic unkindly
cognizable knowable
cognisable knowable
cognoscible knowable
famed celebrated
far-famed celebrated
famous celebrated
illustrious celebrated
notable celebrated
noted celebrated
renowned celebrated
uncharted chartless
unmapped chartless
unbeknownst unbeknown
unexplored undiscovered
apprehended appreciated
comprehended appreciated
taken interpreted
labelled labeled
tagged labeled
unlabelled unlabeled
untagged unlabeled
unmourned unlamented
seafaring oceangoing
seagoing oceangoing
overseas oversea
subocean suboceanic
laurelled laureled
crowned laureled
unlaurelled unlaureled
big large
sizable ample
sizeable ample
astronomical astronomic
galactic astronomic
larger bigger
largish biggish
enlarged blown-up
puffy bouffant
spacious broad
wide broad
prodigious colossal
stupendous colossal
tremendous enormous
gargantuan elephantine
giant elephantine
jumbo elephantine
heroic epic
larger-than-life epic
extended extensive
mammoth gigantic
immense huge
vast huge
Brobdingnagian huge
hulky hulking
banging humongous
thumping humongous
whopping humongous
walloping humongous
king-sized king-size
lifesize life-size
life-sized life-size
full-size life-size
macroscopical macroscopic
monolithic massive
monumental massive
outsized outsize
oversize outsize
oversized outsize
too_large overlarge
queen-sized queen-size
little small
diminutive bantam
lilliputian bantam
midget bantam
petite bantam
tiny bantam
flyspeck bantam
bittie bitty
teensy bitty
teentsy bitty
teeny bitty
wee bitty
weeny bitty
weensy bitty
teensy-weensy bitty
teeny-weeny bitty
itty-bitty bitty
itsy-bitsy bitty
elflike elfin
minute infinitesimal
microscopical microscopic
miniscule minuscule
pocket-sized pocket-size
pocketable pocket-size
runty puny
shrimpy puny
slim slender
littler smaller
undersized undersize
observant law-abiding
outlaw lawless
lawless wide-open
antiknocking antiknock
leadless unleaded
nonleaded lead-free
draughty drafty
oozy oozing
seeping oozing
porous holey
air-tight airtight
gas-tight airtight
waterproof rainproof
waterproofed rainproof
stopped-up chinked
unraised unleavened
lee downwind
weather upwind
juristic jural
legitimate lawful
licit lawful
sanctioned ratified
prohibited banned
black bootleg
black-market bootleg
contraband bootleg
smuggled bootleg
felonious criminal
ill-gotten dirty
misappropriated embezzled
nonlegal extralegal
illicit illegitimate
outlaw illegitimate
outlawed illegitimate
unlawful illegitimate
mislabeled misbranded
punishable penal
fair clean
decipherable clear
readable clear
foul dirty
marked-up dirty
unclear indecipherable
undecipherable indecipherable
unreadable indecipherable
surrogate foster
left-handed morganatic
lawful true
rightful true
baseborn base
misbegot bastardly
misbegotten bastardly
spurious bastardly
wrongful unlawful
leptorhine leptorrhine
leptorrhinian leptorrhine
leptorrhinic leptorrhine
catarrhinian catarrhine
platyrrhinian platyrrhine
platyrhine platyrrhine
platyrhinian platyrrhine
platyrrhinic platyrrhine
broadnosed platyrrhine
similar like
dissimilar unlike
different unlike
similar alike
like alike
dissimilar unalike
same like
liable apt
implausible farfetched
remote outside
likely probable
unlikely improbable
modest minor
small minor
small-scale minor
pocket-size minor
pocket-sized minor
limitless unlimited
untrammelled untrammeled
direct lineal
matrilinear matrilineal
patrilinear patrilineal
indirect collateral
additive linear
otc over-the-counter
explicit denotative
nonliteral figurative
metaphoric metaphorical
metonymical metonymic
synecdochical synecdochic
unlettered analphabetic
unrecorded live
untaped unfilmed
transcribed canned
tape-recorded taped
liveable livable
inhabitable habitable
unliveable unlivable
unexploded undischarged
localised localized
pestilential pestilent
pestiferous pestilent
plaguey pestilent
endemical endemic
discursive dianoetic
unlogical illogical
nonrational intuitive
visceral intuitive
spread outspread
elongated elongate
extended elongated
lengthened elongated
prolonged elongated
extendable extendible
pole-handled long-handled
long-wooled long-wool
sesquipedalian polysyllabic
brief abbreviated
sawn-off sawed-off
shortened sawed-off
shortened telescoped
truncated truncate
continuing chronic
extended drawn-out
lengthy drawn-out
prolonged drawn-out
protracted drawn-out
lasting durable
long-lasting durable
long-lived durable
eternal endless
interminable endless
womb-to-tomb lifelong
long-term long-run
semipermanent long-run
all-night nightlong
overnight nightlong
seven-day weeklong
shortened abbreviated
truncated abbreviated
fugitive fleeting
momentaneous fleeting
momentary fleeting
short-term short-run
lengthways lengthwise
running linear
transverse cross
transversal cross
thwartwise cross
cross-sectional cross-section
loose-fitting baggy
sloppy baggy
clinched clenched
snug close
close-fitting close
skin-tight skintight
tightfitting tight-fitting
tight_fitting tight-fitting
tightly_fitting tight-fitting
skinny tight-fitting
stenotic stenosed
misplaced mislaid
wasted squandered
damned cursed
doomed cursed
unredeemed cursed
unsaved cursed
ruined destroyed
reclaimed rescued
redeemed ransomed
forfeit confiscate
forfeited confiscate
blasting blaring
earsplitting deafening
thunderous deafening
thundery deafening
yelled shouted
muffled dull
muted dull
softened dull
muted hushed
subdued hushed
quiet hushed
small little
low-toned low
susurrant murmuring
whispering murmuring
rustling murmurous
soughing murmurous
susurrous murmurous
stentorian booming
rumbling grumbling
rotund orotund
round orotund
pear-shaped orotund
sonorous heavy
soft piano
loud forte
loveable lovable
endearing adorable
lovely adorable
angelical angelic
cherubic angelic
seraphic angelic
sweet angelic
cuddly cuddlesome
detestable abominable
execrable abominable
odious abominable
likeable likable
unlikeable unlikable
idolized adored
idolised adored
worshipped adored
darling beloved
dear beloved
fair-haired blue-eyed
white-haired blue-eyed
precious cherished
treasured cherished
wanted cherished
favorite favored
favourite favored
best-loved favored
pet favored
preferred favored
preferent favored
estranged alienated
lovelorn bereft
unbeloved bereft
detested despised
hated despised
scorned despised
rejected jilted
spurned jilted
doting adoring
fond adoring
fond affectionate
lovesome affectionate
tender affectionate
warm affectionate
amorous amative
amorous amatory
romantic amatory
charmed captivated
infatuated enamored
in_love enamored
potty enamored
smitten enamored
soft_on enamored
taken_with enamored
loverly loverlike
frigid cold
unaffectionate detached
uncaring detached
minuscule little
small little
great capital
majuscule capital
luckless unlucky
jinxed hexed
magnetized magnetic
magnetised magnetic
geographical geographic
nonaged minor
underage minor
prima leading
star leading
starring leading
stellar leading
peanut insignificant
minuscular minuscule
governable controllable
dirigible steerable
difficult unmanageable
uncontrollable indocile
ungovernable indocile
unruly indocile
manful manly
manlike manly
unmanful unmanly
unmanlike unmanly
emasculate effeminate
epicene effeminate
cissy effeminate
sissified effeminate
sissyish effeminate
sissy effeminate
staminate antheral
priapic phallic
young-bearing egg-producing
epicene bisexual
gynandromorphous gynandromorphic
hermaphrodite hermaphroditic
pseudohermaphrodite pseudohermaphroditic
remote-controlled unmanned
starred asterisked
unstarred unasterisked
united joined
wedded wed
single unmarried
unwedded unwed
macho butch
manful male
manlike male
manly male
virile male
distaff female
maidenly maidenlike
feminine womanly
tomboyish hoydenish
co-ordinated coordinated
matching coordinated
matching duplicate
twin duplicate
twinned duplicate
paired mated
incompatible ill-sorted
mismated ill-sorted
unsuited ill-sorted
unmatched odd
unmated odd
unpaired odd
big adult
full-grown adult
fully_grown adult
grown adult
grownup adult
efflorescent abloom
matured full-blown
nubile marriageable
meridian prime
embryologic embryonic
embryonal embryonic
prepubertal prepubescent
mellowed mellow
jejune adolescent
juvenile adolescent
puerile adolescent
infantile childish
mature ripe
ripened aged
mellowed mellow
unripe green
unripened green
immature green
year-around year-round
maximum maximal
minimum minimal
marginal borderline
token nominal
tokenish nominal
stripped-down stripped
substantive meaty
pregnant meaning
significant meaning
nonmeaningful meaningless
hollow empty
vacuous empty
nonsensical nonsense
mensurable measurable
unmeasurable immeasurable
immensurable immeasurable
unmeasured immeasurable
limitless illimitable
measureless illimitable
automatonlike automatic
machinelike automatic
robotlike automatic
robotic automatic
mechanised mechanized
unmechanised unmechanized
melodic melodious
musical melodious
songlike ariose
songful canorous
singing cantabile
honeyed dulcet
mellifluous dulcet
mellisonant dulcet
sweet dulcet
unmelodic unmelodious
unmusical unmelodious
melodious tuneful
untuneful tuneless
unmelodious tuneless
3-membered three-membered
4-membered four-membered
5-membered five-membered
6-membered six-membered
7-membered seven-membered
8-membered eight-membered
9-membered nine-membered
10-membered ten-membered
nonmusical unmusical
nonmusical unmusical
liquid melted
liquified melted
liquefied molten
liquified molten
unmerciful merciless
fierce cutthroat
bowelless cutthroat
remorseless pitiless
ruthless pitiless
unpitying pitiless
metabolous metabolic
ametabolous ametabolic
soft gentle
temperate moderate
big bad
unrelenting brutal
overwhelming consuming
keen exquisite
utmost extreme
uttermost extreme
tearing fierce
vehement fierce
violent fierce
trigger-happy fierce
terrible severe
wicked severe
deep thick
wild violent
participating active
interested concerned
entangled embroiled
concerned implicated
up_to_my_neck neck-deep
up_to_your_neck neck-deep
up_to_her_neck neck-deep
up_to_his_neck neck-deep
up_to_our_necks neck-deep
up_to_their_necks neck-deep
soldierlike soldierly
warriorlike soldierly
martial soldierly
martial warlike
nonmilitary unmilitary
eased alleviated
relieved alleviated
satisfied quenched
slaked quenched
complete arrant
consummate arrant
double-dyed arrant
everlasting arrant
gross arrant
perfect arrant
pure arrant
sodding arrant
stark arrant
staring arrant
thoroughgoing arrant
utter arrant
unadulterated arrant
blinking bally
bloody bally
blooming bally
crashing bally
flaming bally
fucking bally
unrelieved undiminished
treated tempered
hardened tempered
toughened tempered
unhardened untempered
unannealed brittle
ambulatory ambulant
manoeuvrable maneuverable
mechanised mechanized
motorized mechanized
moveable movable
transferable movable
transferrable movable
transportable movable
raiseable raisable
immoveable immovable
stabile immovable
unmovable immovable
immotile nonmotile
take-away takeout
extractible extractable
metal metallic
gold-bearing auriferous
bimetallic bimetal
golden gold
gilded gold
metal-looking metallike
metallic-looking metallike
nonmetal nonmetallic
hemimetabolic hemimetabolous
hemimetamorphous hemimetabolous
hemimetamorphic hemimetabolous
heterometabolic heterometabolous
holometabolous holometabolic
intermediate average
medium average
conservative cautious
fairish fair
reasonable fair
small modest
overdone exaggerated
overstated exaggerated
inordinate excessive
undue excessive
unreasonable excessive
extortionate exorbitant
outrageous exorbitant
steep exorbitant
unconscionable exorbitant
usurious exorbitant
over-the-top extraordinary
sinful extraordinary
radical extremist
ultra extremist
modern-day contemporary
redbrick red-brick
mediaeval medieval
gothic medieval
demure coy
overmodest coy
unassuming retiring
uppity overweening
altered adapted
qualified restricted
monotone flat
monotonic flat
monotonous flat
monecious monoecious
monoicous monoecious
polyoicous heteroicous
polygamous heteroicous
synoecious synoicous
dioecian dioecious
monodical monodic
contrapuntal polyphonic
monogynic monogynous
univalent monovalent
multivalent polyvalent
double bivalent
monotone monotonic
clean-living clean
degenerate debauched
degraded debauched
dissipated debauched
dissolute debauched
libertine debauched
profligate debauched
riotous debauched
fast debauched
scandalous disgraceful
shameful disgraceful
shocking disgraceful
extramarital adulterous
extracurricular adulterous
many_an many_a
many_another many_a
legion numerous
umteen umpteen
a_couple_of a_few
slight little
more_than more
unfading amaranthine
undying deathless
impelled driven
reasonless causeless
unprovoked motiveless
wanton motiveless
motorised motorized
motored motorized
unmotorised unmotorized
motorless unmotorized
affected moved
stirred moved
touched moved
unaffected unmoved
untouched unmoved
poignant affecting
touching affecting
soul-stirring stirring
ahorseback ahorse
self-propelled automotive
self-propelling automotive
flying fast-flying
flaring aflare
wriggling wiggly
wriggly wiggly
writhing wiggly
unmoving nonmoving
motionless inactive
static inactive
still inactive
set fixed
rigid fixed
rooted frozen
stock-still frozen
cut mown
uncut unmown
seamanly seamanlike
landlubberly lubberly
world-wide worldwide
nationalistic nationalist
planetary global
world global
worldwide global
world-wide global
internationalistic internationalist
transnational multinational
uncolored unbleached
undyed unbleached
unreal artificial
staged arranged
colored bleached
coloured bleached
dyed bleached
unlifelike cardboard
synthetic celluloid
conventionalised conventionalized
stylized conventionalized
stylised conventionalized
substitute ersatz
false fake
faux fake
imitation fake
simulated fake
semisynthetic man-made
synthetic man-made
ghostlike apparitional
ghostly apparitional
phantasmal apparitional
spectral apparitional
spiritual apparitional
weird eldritch
uncanny eldritch
unearthly eldritch
fey elfin
magic charming
magical charming
sorcerous charming
witching charming
wizard charming
wizardly charming
marvellous marvelous
miraculous marvelous
otherworldly nonnatural
preternatural nonnatural
transcendental nonnatural
last final
net final
indispensable essential
needful needed
required needed
requisite needed
unneeded unnecessary
extra excess
redundant excess
spare excess
supererogatory excess
superfluous excess
supernumerary excess
surplus excess
needless gratuitous
uncalled-for gratuitous
nett net
psychoneurotic neurotic
aboulic abulic
maladjusted disturbed
hypochondriacal hypochondriac
hysterical hysteric
megalomanic megalomaniacal
nymphomaniac nymphomaniacal
obsessive obsessional
awful nasty
filthy dirty
lousy dirty
mean hateful
ennobling dignifying
elevated exalted
sublime exalted
grand exalted
high-flown exalted
high-minded exalted
lofty exalted
rarefied exalted
rarified exalted
idealistic exalted
noble-minded exalted
magnanimous greathearted
mean base
meanspirited base
aristocratical aristocratic
blue aristocratic
blue-blooded aristocratic
gentle aristocratic
patrician aristocratic
grand august
lordly august
highborn coroneted
titled coroneted
majestic imperial
purple imperial
regal imperial
royal imperial
kinglike kingly
monarchical monarchal
queenlike queenly
baseborn base
humble base
lowly base
plebeian common
vulgar common
unwashed common
ungentle ignoble
untitled ignoble
mean average
average median
average modal
unnatural abnormal
deviant aberrant
deviate aberrant
irregular atypical
brachydactylous brachydactylic
perverted kinky
psychical psychic
supranormal supernormal
northward northbound
northern northerly
northern northerly
northmost northernmost
northeasterly northeastern
northeast northeastern
northeast northeasterly
northwesterly northwestern
northwest northwestern
northwest northwesterly
southward southbound
southern southerly
southern southerly
southmost southernmost
southeastern southeast
southeasterly southeast
southeast southeasterly
southwestern southwest
southwesterly southwest
southwest southwesterly
circumboreal boreal
Federal union
gray grey
pug-nose pug-nosed
short-nosed pug-nosed
snub-nosed pug-nosed
forgotten disregarded
neglected ignored
unheeded ignored
unmarked overlooked
unnoted overlooked
unremarked unperceived
perceived sensed
unseen unobserved
discovered ascertained
observed ascertained
deadly baneful
pernicious baneful
pestilent baneful
degrading corrupting
vesicant vesicatory
biddable acquiescent
duteous dutiful
obstinate contrary
perverse contrary
wayward contrary
refractory fractious
recalcitrant fractious
headstrong froward
self-willed froward
willful froward
wilful froward
noticeable obtrusive
unnoticeable unobtrusive
nonsubjective objective
neutral impersonal
unverifiable unobjective
obliged duty-bound
evident apparent
manifest apparent
patent apparent
plain apparent
unmistakable apparent
self-evident axiomatic
taken_for_granted axiomatic
provable demonstrable
barred barricaded
blockaded barricaded
plugged blocked
clogged choked
stalemated deadlocked
stopped-up stopped
stopped_up stopped
open clear
engaged busy
in_use busy
free spare
detestable abhorrent
obscene abhorrent
repugnant abhorrent
repulsive abhorrent
ghastly charnel
sepulchral charnel
disgustful disgusting
distasteful disgusting
foul disgusting
loathly disgusting
loathsome disgusting
repellent disgusting
repellant disgusting
repelling disgusting
revolting disgusting
skanky disgusting
wicked disgusting
yucky disgusting
morbid ghoulish
horrid hideous
horrific hideous
outrageous hideous
obnoxious objectionable
unobjectionable innocuous
savoury savory
unsavoury unsavory
offensive unsavory
opprobrious abusive
scurrilous abusive
unoffending inoffensive
offenceless offenseless
attacking assaultive
tip-and-run hit-and-run
invading incursive
invasive incursive
predatory marauding
raiding marauding
violative offensive
excusatory apologetic
justificative defensive
justificatory defensive
authorized authoritative
authorised authoritative
formalised formalized
summary drumhead
loose informal
unauthorised unauthorized
wildcat unauthorized
constituted established
deep-seated deep-rooted
implanted deep-rooted
ingrained deep-rooted
planted deep-rooted
well-grooved grooved
recognised recognized
self-established self-constituted
unrecognised unrecognized
learned conditioned
innate unconditioned
unlearned unconditioned
on-the-scene on-the-spot
antique age-old
antiquated antediluvian
archaic antediluvian
hand-down hand-me-down
rusty hoary
used secondhand
yellowed yellow
bran-new brand-new
spic-and-span brand-new
spick-and-span brand-new
red-hot hot
new-sprung newborn
refreshing novel
parvenue parvenu
radical revolutionary
untried untested
elderly aged
older aged
senior aged
of_age aged
ageing aging
senescent aging
doddery doddering
gaga doddering
senile doddering
gray grey
grey-haired grey
gray-haired grey
grey-headed grey
gray-headed grey
grizzly grey
hoar grey
hoary grey
white-haired grey
overaged overage
superannuated overage
over-the-hill overage
immature young
teen adolescent
teenage adolescent
teenaged adolescent
boylike boyish
schoolboyish boyish
childly childlike
schoolgirlish girlish
small little
preadolescent preteen
puppylike puppyish
vernal youthful
young youthful
online on-line
connected machine-accessible
online on-line
cancelled off
offsides offside
unfastened open
unopen shut
closed shut
out_of_use blocked
opened open
gaping agape
staring agaze
wide wide-eyed
shut closed
winking blinking
tight compressed
squinting squinched
boxed-in boxed
boxed_in boxed
capsulated capsulate
closed_in closed
encircled surrounded
hypethral hypaethral
broached abroach
combat-ready active
fighting active
inactive nonoperational
right good
ripe good
seasonable timely
well-timed timely
well_timed timely
unseasonable ill-timed
untimely ill-timed
wrong ill-timed
apposable opposable
paired opposite
pollyannaish cheerful
upbeat cheerful
rosy rose-colored
demoralised demoralized
discouraged demoralized
disheartened demoralized
rambunctious boisterous
robustious boisterous
rumbustious boisterous
unruly boisterous
moblike mobbish
rowdy raucous
bare-knuckle rough-and-tumble
bare-knuckled rough-and-tumble
sequent consecutive
sequential consecutive
serial consecutive
successive consecutive
unordered disordered
disorganised disorganized
confused broken
disordered broken
upset broken
helter-skelter chaotic
snafu fucked-up
undone unstuck
incorporated corporate
reorganised reorganized
unorganised unorganized
fair average
mediocre average
middling average
nondescript characterless
cut-and-dry cut-and-dried
mundane everyday
quotidian everyday
routine everyday
unremarkable everyday
workaday everyday
so-so indifferent
run-of-the-mine run-of-the-mill
mine_run run-of-the-mill
unexceptional run-of-the-mill
exceptional exceeding
olympian exceeding
prodigious exceeding
surpassing exceeding
grand fantastic
howling fantastic
marvelous fantastic
marvellous fantastic
rattling fantastic
terrific fantastic
tremendous fantastic
wonderful fantastic
wondrous fantastic
terrible frightful
awful frightful
tremendous frightful
uncanny preternatural
uncommon rare
singular remarkable
structured integrated
unstructured amorphous
atomistical atomistic
ordered arranged
set laid
orientated oriented
familiarized adjusted
familiarised adjusted
destined bound
homeward-bound homeward
anomic alienated
disoriented alienated
disoriented confused
lost confused
orientating orienting
positioning aligning
familiarising familiarizing
daring avant-garde
freehanded freehand
new fresh
novel fresh
originative germinal
seminal germinal
innovational innovative
groundbreaking innovative
new newfangled
commonplace banal
hackneyed banal
old-hat banal
shopworn banal
stock banal
threadbare banal
timeworn banal
tired banal
trite banal
well-worn banal
corny bromidic
platitudinal bromidic
platitudinous bromidic
ready-made cliched
stale cold
dusty cold
moth-eaten cold
canonical canonic
sanctioned canonic
conformist conforming
established conventional
recusant dissentient
heretical dissident
heterodox dissident
nonconformist nonconforming
out-of-door outdoor
outside outdoor
open-air alfresco
arillate ariled
clothed cloaked
draped cloaked
mantled cloaked
wrapped cloaked
encrusted crusted
crusty crusted
crustlike crusted
spattered dabbled
splashed dabbled
splattered dabbled
drenched_in drenched
dust-covered dusty
mossy moss-grown
sealed plastered
snow-covered snow-clad
snowy snow-clad
snowy white
denuded bald
denudate bald
curly-leafed curly-leaved
fan-leafed fan-leaved
fine-leafed fine-leaved
foliose foliaceous
foliaged foliaceous
grassy-leafed grassy-leaved
ivy-covered ivied
large-leafed large-leaved
leaved leafed
leaf-like leaflike
leather-leafed leather-leaved
petal-like petallike
pinnate-leafed pinnate-leaved
prickly-leafed prickly-leaved
silky-leafed silky-leaved
silvery-leaved silver-leaved
silver-leafed silver-leaved
silvery-leafed silver-leaved
spiny-leafed spiny-leaved
two-leafed two-leaved
defoliated defoliate
two-lipped bilabiate
liplike labiate
unlipped lipless
open overt
barefaced bald
raw naked
backstairs backstair
furtive backstair
cloak-and-dagger clandestine
hole-and-corner clandestine
hugger-mugger clandestine
hush-hush clandestine
secret clandestine
surreptitious clandestine
undercover clandestine
underground clandestine
conniving collusive
disguised cloaked
masked cloaked
under-the-table sub-rosa
behind-the-scenes sub-rosa
subterraneous subterranean
ulterior subterranean
unrevealed undisclosed
paying compensable
remunerative compensable
salaried compensable
stipendiary compensable
remunerated compensated
salaried compensated
stipendiary compensated
free-lance mercenary
freelance mercenary
prepaid postpaid
costless complimentary
free complimentary
gratis complimentary
gratuitous complimentary
owing outstanding
undischarged outstanding
unsalaried uncompensated
achy aching
agonised agonized
agonising agonizing
excruciating agonizing
harrowing agonizing
torturing agonizing
torturous agonizing
torturesome agonizing
bitter biting
galled chafed
wrenching racking
sore sensitive
raw sensitive
tender sensitive
unpainful pain-free
varnished stained
unfinished bare
unvarnished unstained
represented delineated
delineate delineated
pictured depicted
portrayed depicted
diagrammatical diagrammatic
unpictured undepicted
toothsome palatable
unsavory distasteful
unsavoury distasteful
tangible palpable
subtle elusive
nonintersecting nonconvergent
cata-cornered catacorner
catercorner catacorner
cater-cornered catacorner
catty-corner catacorner
catty-cornered catacorner
kitty-corner catacorner
kitty-cornered catacorner
sideways crabwise
rectangular orthogonal
forgivable excusable
venial excusable
venial minor
mortal deadly
unforgivable inexcusable
insupportable indefensible
unjustifiable indefensible
unwarrantable indefensible
unwarranted indefensible
maternal parental
paternal parental
colored biased
coloured biased
one-sided biased
slanted biased
cold-eyed dispassionate
unbiased indifferent
unbiassed indifferent
climbable surmountable
travelable traversable
unpassable impassable
unclimbable unsurmountable
aflame ablaze
aroused ablaze
fervent ardent
fervid ardent
fiery ardent
impassioned ardent
perfervid ardent
torrid ardent
fanatical fanatic
overzealous fanatic
rabid fanatic
lusty lustful
concupiscent lustful
agone ago
bypast bygone
departed bygone
foregone bygone
gone bygone
knightly chivalric
medieval chivalric
former early
other early
former erstwhile
old erstwhile
onetime erstwhile
one-time erstwhile
quondam erstwhile
sometime erstwhile
late former
previous former
historical historic
recent late
prehistorical prehistoric
ult ultimo
inst instant
coming approaching
forthcoming approaching
upcoming approaching
rising emerging
prox proximo
parentless unparented
fatherlike fatherly
wifelike wifely
uxorial wifely
persevering diligent
long-suffering enduring
longanimous forbearing
patient_of tolerant
patronised patronized
unpatronised unpatronized
patronless unpatronized
prepacked prepackaged
loyal patriotic
flag-waving chauvinistic
jingoistic chauvinistic
nationalistic chauvinistic
ultranationalistic chauvinistic
superpatriotic chauvinistic
disloyal unpatriotic
peaceable peaceful
peaceable pacific
pacifistic pacifist
dovish pacifist
peace-loving peaceable
militant belligerent
war-ridden belligerent
warring belligerent
hawkish militant
warlike militant
tempestuous stormy
repentant penitent
remorseful contrite
rueful contrite
ruthful contrite
penitentiary penitential
unrepentant impenitent
unremorseful impenitent
discriminating acute
incisive acute
keen acute
knifelike acute
penetrating acute
penetrative acute
piercing acute
sharp acute
discerning apprehensive
observing observant
sharp-sighted quick-sighted
sharp-eyed quick-sighted
unperceiving unperceptive
unseeing unobservant
noticeable detectable
weak faint
unperceivable imperceptible
incognoscible incognizable
insensible indiscernible
undetectable indiscernible
consummate complete
down_pat down
mastered down
immaculate faultless
impeccable faultless
unflawed flawless
idealised idealized
undefiled uncorrupted
flawed blemished
corrupted corrupt
faulty defective
putrescible decayable
putrefiable decayable
spoilable decayable
indestructible durable
perdurable durable
undestroyable durable
lasting permanent
enduring abiding
imperishable abiding
aeonian ageless
eonian ageless
eternal ageless
everlasting ageless
perpetual ageless
unending ageless
unceasing ageless
temporary impermanent
passing ephemeral
short-lived ephemeral
transient ephemeral
transitory ephemeral
fugacious ephemeral
jury-rigged improvised
makeshift improvised
pro_tempore pro_tem
lasting persistent
shed caducous
two-sided reversible
one-sided nonreversible
revokable revocable
voidable rescindable
irrevokable irrevocable
allowable permissible
out forbidden
prohibited forbidden
proscribed forbidden
taboo forbidden
tabu forbidden
verboten forbidden
admittible admittable
lenient indulgent
soft indulgent
preventative preventive
hindering clogging
impeding clogging
obstructive clogging
frustrative frustrating
thwarting frustrating
precautional precautionary
obviating preclusive
pre-emptive preemptive
prohibitory prohibitive
nonplused at_a_loss
nonplussed at_a_loss
puzzled at_a_loss
befuddled baffled
bemused baffled
bewildered baffled
confounded baffled
confused baffled
lost baffled
mazed baffled
mixed-up baffled
at_sea baffled
metagrobolised metagrobolized
metagrabolized metagrobolized
metagrabolised metagrobolized
mystified metagrobolized
quizzical questioning
unconfused unbaffled
private individual
individualised individualized
personalized individualized
personalised individualized
in_the_flesh in-person
ain own
ingratiatory coaxing
telling cogent
weighty cogent
glib-tongued glib
smooth-tongued glib
cautionary admonitory
exemplary admonitory
monitory admonitory
warning admonitory
thick dense
water-resistant water-repellent
imperviable impervious
moth-resistant mothproof
ladder-proof runproof
run-resistant runproof
petaled petalous
petalled petalous
four-petalled four-petaled
five-petalled five-petaled
sympetalous gamopetalous
three-petalled three-petaled
petalless apetalous
psychotropic psychoactive
mind-blowing mind-bending
carnal animal
fleshly animal
sensual animal
corporal bodily
corporeal bodily
somatic bodily
physiological physiologic
somatogenetic somatogenic
rational intellectual
noetic intellectual
psychical psychic
reverent godly
worshipful godly
pietistic holier-than-thou
pietistical holier-than-thou
pharisaic holier-than-thou
pharisaical holier-than-thou
sanctimonious holier-than-thou
self-righteous holier-than-thou
irreverent godless
god-fearing devout
atheistical atheistic
unbelieving atheistic
heathenish heathen
pagan heathen
ethnic heathen
nonchurchgoing lapsed
conciliable appeasable
inexorable grim
relentless grim
stern grim
unappeasable grim
unforgiving grim
unrelenting grim
unpatterned plain
solid-coloured solid-colored
blotchy blotched
splotched blotched
brindle brindled
brinded brindled
tabby brindled
brownish-speckled brown-speckled
brownish-striped brown-striped
checkered checked
chequered checked
mottled dappled
flecked dotted
specked dotted
speckled dotted
stippled dotted
flowered floral
lentiginous freckled
lentiginose freckled
marbleized marbled
marbleised marbled
watered moire
spotty patched
spotted patched
pointillistic pointillist
reddish-striped red-striped
red-streaked red-striped
streaky streaked
stripy striped
venose veined
veinlike veined
severe austere
stark austere
stern austere
mere bare
simple bare
unelaborate inelaborate
trim tailored
florid aureate
flamboyant aureate
churrigueresque baroque
churrigueresco baroque
fussy busy
luxuriant elaborate
battlemented embattled
castled embattled
castellated embattled
lacelike lacy
puffed puff
vermiculate vermicular
vermiculated vermicular
predetermined preset
chance casual
uncontrived unstudied
pat glib
slick glib
unbelievable improbable
unconvincing improbable
unlikely improbable
gratifying enjoyable
pleasurable enjoyable
acerbic acerb
acid acerb
acrid acerb
bitter acerb
blistering acerb
caustic acerb
sulfurous acerb
sulphurous acerb
virulent acerb
vitriolic acerb
hellish beastly
god-awful beastly
forbidding dour
grim dour
mortifying embarrassing
rough harsh
painful afflictive
sore afflictive
repellent rebarbative
repellant rebarbative
sharp-worded sharp
tart sharp
diverted amused
entertained amused
encouraged bucked_up
irritated annoyed
miffed annoyed
nettled annoyed
peeved annoyed
pissed annoyed
pissed_off annoyed
riled annoyed
roiled annoyed
steamed annoyed
stung annoyed
cheesed_off exasperated
browned_off exasperated
fed_up disgusted
sick disgusted
sick_of disgusted
tired_of disgusted
pained offended
delicious delightful
fab fabulous
sweet gratifying
upsetting disconcerting
infuriating exasperating
maddening exasperating
vexing exasperating
acanthous acanthoid
spinous acanthoid
acute acuate
sharp acuate
needlelike acuate
barrelled barreled
spindle-shaped fusiform
cigar-shaped fusiform
pyramidic pyramidal
pyramidical pyramidal
unpointed pointless
burnished bright
lustrous bright
shining bright
shiny bright
unwise inexpedient
unpolitical apolitical
favourite favorite
touristy touristed
optimistic affirmative
counter antagonistic
neutralised neutralized
confirming positive
disconfirming negative
achievable accomplishable
doable accomplishable
manageable accomplishable
realizable accomplishable
assertable affirmable
come-at-able attainable
executable feasible
practicable feasible
viable feasible
workable feasible
infeasible impracticable
unfeasible impracticable
unworkable impracticable
unattainable unachievable
undoable unachievable
unrealizable unachievable
strong potent
stiff potent
ineffectual ineffective
unable ineffective
virile potent
all-powerful almighty
omnipotent almighty
strong potent
reigning regnant
ruling regnant
nerveless feeble
incapacitated helpless
high-potential high-voltage
low-voltage low-tension
important authoritative
powerful potent
naturalised naturalized
rootbound potbound
sown seeded
self-sown self-seeded
self-sowed self-seeded
unsown unseeded
ploughed plowed
unploughed unplowed
unbroken unplowed
uncultivatable uncultivable
applicatory applicative
pragmatic matter-of-fact
pragmatical matter-of-fact
practicable operable
half-baked crazy
screwball crazy
softheaded crazy
meshugga meshugge
meshuga meshugge
meshuggeneh meshugge
meshuggener meshugge
romantic quixotic
wild-eyed quixotic
hairsplitting finespun
punctilious meticulous
skillful nice
on_the_button on_the_nose
half-witted backward
slow-witted backward
feebleminded backward
imbecilic imbecile
idiotic imbecile
simple dim-witted
simple-minded dim-witted
freakish capricious
occasional episodic
planned aforethought
plotted aforethought
fitted_out equipped
extemporaneous ad-lib
extemporary ad-lib
extempore ad-lib
impromptu ad-lib
offhand ad-lib
offhanded ad-lib
off-the-cuff ad-lib
unrehearsed ad-lib
over-the-counter nonprescription
ubiquitous omnipresent
awol truant
pretentious ostentatious
showy flamboyant
splashy flamboyant
unpretentious unostentatious
unpretending unostentatious
restrained quiet
arty-crafty artsy-craftsy
overblown grandiloquent
pompous grandiloquent
pontifical grandiloquent
portentous grandiloquent
hifalutin grandiose
highfalutin grandiose
highfaluting grandiose
hoity-toity grandiose
la-di-da grandiose
high-sounding high-flown
inflated high-flown
parvenu nouveau-riche
parvenue nouveau-riche
upstart nouveau-riche
special particular
alternative alternate
substitute alternate
subsidiary auxiliary
supplemental auxiliary
supplementary auxiliary
substitute utility
base basal
elemental elementary
primary elementary
rudimentary fundamental
underlying fundamental
incident incidental
parenthetical parenthetic
cliquish clannish
clubby clannish
snobbish clannish
snobby clannish
reclusive cloistered
secluded cloistered
sequestered cloistered
secret confidential
backstage offstage
secluded privy
secret privy
head-to-head tete-a-tete
unrestricted unexclusive
only alone
inner inside
privileged inside
disadvantaged deprived
amentaceous amentiferous
cultivable arable
cultivatable arable
tillable arable
fertile fecund
prolific fecund
fruitless bootless
futile bootless
sleeveless bootless
vain bootless
productive generative
exploitatory exploitative
exploitive exploitative
consistent reproducible
duplicatable duplicable
irreproducible unreproducible
paid nonrecreational
recreational amateur
unpaid amateur
amateur amateurish
inexpert amateurish
unskilled amateurish
juicy fat
paid gainful
paying gainful
moneymaking lucrative
remunerative lucrative
idle dead
ostensible apparent
seeming apparent
dilettantish dilettante
dilettanteish dilettante
sciolistic dilettante
sounding looking
prognathic prognathous
hypognathous prognathous
forward-looking advanced
innovative advanced
modern advanced
forward advancing
forward-moving advancing
modernised modernized
throwback atavistic
retrogressive retrograde
reverting returning
unmodernised unmodernized
rolling rolled
trilled rolled
comely becoming
comme_il_faut becoming
decent becoming
decorous becoming
seemly becoming
right correct
right correct
prim priggish
prissy priggish
prudish priggish
puritanical priggish
square-toed priggish
straitlaced priggish
strait-laced priggish
straightlaced priggish
straight-laced priggish
tight-laced priggish
victorian priggish
indecorous indecent
unbecoming indecent
uncomely indecent
unseemly indecent
untoward indecent
incorrect wrong
prophetical prophetic
foreshadowing adumbrative
prefigurative adumbrative
apocalyptical apocalyptic
revelatory apocalyptic
precognitive clairvoyant
second-sighted clairvoyant
oracular delphic
mantic divinatory
sibylline divinatory
sibyllic divinatory
vatic divinatory
vatical divinatory
foreboding fateful
portentous fateful
premonitory precursory
prognostic predictive
prognosticative predictive
potential likely
retroactive ex_post_facto
retro ex_post_facto
fortified bastioned
open exposed
defenseless naked
prophylactic cautionary
prophylactic contraceptive
antifertility contraceptive
tutelary custodial
tutelar custodial
chesty arrogant
self-important arrogant
swelled big
vainglorious big
persnickety bigheaded
snooty bigheaded
snot-nosed bigheaded
snotty bigheaded
stuck-up bigheaded
too_big_for_one's_breeches bigheaded
uppish bigheaded
braggart boastful
bragging boastful
braggy boastful
big boastful
cock-a-hoop boastful
crowing boastful
self-aggrandizing boastful
self-aggrandising boastful
self-respecting dignified
self-respectful dignified
haughty disdainful
imperious disdainful
lordly disdainful
overbearing disdainful
prideful disdainful
sniffy disdainful
supercilious disdainful
swaggering disdainful
egotistic conceited
egotistical conceited
self-conceited conceited
swollen conceited
swollen-headed conceited
vain conceited
proud_of pleased
crushed broken
humbled broken
humiliated broken
low broken
mild meek
modest meek
proven proved
tried tested
well-tried tested
unproven unproved
thrifty careful
farsighted farseeing
foresighted farseeing
foresightful farseeing
prospicient farseeing
long farseeing
longsighted farseeing
shortsighted short
unforesightful short
myopic short
agitating agitative
provoking agitative
intriguing challenging
incitive incendiary
inflammatory incendiary
instigative incendiary
rabble-rousing incendiary
seditious incendiary
unprovoking unprovocative
discreet circumspect
wise judicious
heady judicious
ill-judged ill-considered
improvident ill-considered
shortsighted ill-considered
late belated
tardy belated
nighted benighted
undisciplined uncorrected
punitory punitive
relatiative retaliatory
retributive retaliatory
retributory retaliatory
vindicatory retaliatory
full-blood full-blooded
blooded full-blooded
pedigreed pedigree
pureblood pedigree
pureblooded pedigree
thoroughbred pedigree
intercrossed hybrid
half-bred half-blooded
half-breed half-blooded
undefiled immaculate
maculate defiled
fresh clean
clear clean
light clean
unclouded clean
sheer plain
unmingled plain
unmixed plain
unpolluted uncontaminated
technical_grade technical-grade
adulterated adulterate
debased adulterate
bastardised bastardized
polluted contaminated
dingy dirty
muddied dirty
muddy dirty
earnest businesslike
purposive goal-directed
purpose-made purpose-built
afloat adrift
aimless adrift
directionless adrift
planless adrift
rudderless adrift
undirected adrift
house-trained housebroken
pot-trained potty-trained
toilet-trained potty-trained
naive primitive
weasel-worded hedged
modified limited
categorical categoric
flat categoric
unconditional categoric
clear clean
straight-out outright
unlimited outright
denary decimal
numerical numeric
so-called alleged
supposed alleged
problematic debatable
problematical debatable
dubious doubtful
dubitable doubtful
in_question doubtful
funny fishy
shady fishy
suspect fishy
suspicious fishy
soi-disant self-styled
indubitable beyond_doubt
soundless silent
still silent
clamant blatant
clamorous blatant
strident blatant
vociferous blatant
buzzing abuzz
clanging clangorous
screaky creaky
rip-roaring rackety
uproarious rackety
wheezy reedy
reposeful restful
relaxing restful
slumbrous slumberous
uneasy restless
riotous disruptive
troubled disruptive
tumultuous disruptive
turbulent disruptive
squalling squally
hit-or-miss haphazard
logical coherent
lucid coherent
demythologised demythologized
reasoning intelligent
thinking intelligent
sane reasonable
unreasoning blind
intellectual cerebral
excited activated
indifferent inert
neutral inert
primed fit
set fit
ready_and_waiting waiting
off-guard napping
off_guard napping
off_one's_guard napping
off_his_guard napping
off_her_guard napping
off_your_guard napping
existent real
factual actual
documentary objective
pictured envisioned
visualized envisioned
visualised envisioned
trompe-l'oeil eye-deceiving
legendary fabled
fancied fabricated
fictional fabricated
fictitious fabricated
mythic fabulous
mythical fabulous
mythologic fabulous
mythological fabulous
imaginary fanciful
notional fanciful
fantastical fantastic
illusionary illusional
illusory illusive
pretend make-believe
delusory deceptive
surreal dreamlike
earthy down-to-earth
hard-nosed hardheaded
practical hardheaded
pragmatic hardheaded
lifelike graphic
pictorial graphic
vivid graphic
true_to_life true-to-life
real veridical
practical virtual
false delusive
wild fantastic
phantasmagorical phantasmagoric
surreal phantasmagoric
surrealistic phantasmagoric
sensible reasonable
commonsensible commonsense
commonsensical commonsense
intelligent healthy
levelheaded healthy
level-headed healthy
sound healthy
well-founded tenable
untenable indefensible
reasonless mindless
senseless mindless
unjustified undue
unwarranted undue
mutual reciprocal
interactive interactional
reciprocatory reciprocative
reciprocatory reciprocative
unreciprocated unanswered
unrequited unanswered
civilised civilized
cultivated civilized
cultured civilized
genteel civilized
polite civilized
mincing dainty
niminy-piminy dainty
prim dainty
twee dainty
debonaire debonair
debonnaire debonair
suave debonair
delicate finespun
gentlemanly gentlemanlike
superfine overrefined
well-mannered well-bred
uncultivated artless
uncultured artless
loutish boorish
neanderthal boorish
neandertal boorish
oafish boorish
swinish boorish
common coarse
rough-cut coarse
uncouth coarse
vulgar coarse
bounderish ill-bred
lowbred ill-bred
rude ill-bred
underbred ill-bred
yokelish ill-bred
ungentlemanlike ungentlemanly
vulcanized cured
vulcanised cured
polished milled
raw natural
rude natural
unvulcanised unvulcanized
processed refined
unprocessed unrefined
crude unrefined
burnt burned
bound bandaged
irrecoverable unrecoverable
unretrievable irretrievable
converted born-again
reborn born-again
unregenerated unregenerate
obdurate cussed
obstinate cussed
unrepentant cussed
unpersuaded unconverted
qualified certified
rule-governed lawful
prescribed official
stock standard
crooked asymmetrical
occasional casual
unconventional improper
unlawful improper
randomised randomized
nonrenewable unrenewable
rectifiable reparable
quotable repeatable
unquotable unrepeatable
repetitious repetitive
reiterative iterative
unsolicited unasked
rhyming rhymed
riming rhymed
unrimed unrhymed
rhymeless unrhymed
rimeless unrhymed
unvarying uniform
polymorphous polymorphic
periodical periodic
oscillating oscillatory
day-to-day daily
day-by-day daily
day-after-day daily
hebdomadal weekly
hebdomadary weekly
biweekly semiweekly
biweekly fortnightly
yearly annual
biannual semiannual
biyearly semiannual
half-yearly semiannual
biyearly biennial
bimestrial bimonthly
bimonthly semimonthly
semestrial semestral
nonperiodic aperiodic
affine affinal
agnatic agnate
paternal agnate
blood-related akin
cognate akin
consanguine akin
consanguineous akin
consanguineal akin
kin akin
descendent descendant
enatic enate
maternal enate
related_to related
attached affiliated
connected affiliated
cognate connate
correlate correlative
correlated correlative
tangential digressive
immaterial extraneous
impertinent extraneous
orthogonal extraneous
unsuitable inapplicable
aware mindful
heedful careful
redolent evocative
remindful evocative
reminiscent evocative
resonant evocative
forgetful unmindful
mindless unmindful
amnesiac amnesic
interchangeable exchangeable
similar exchangeable
standardized exchangeable
standardised exchangeable
unreplaceable irreplaceable
depictive delineative
figurative figural
realistic naturalistic
abstractionist abstract
nonfigurative abstract
nonobjective abstract
formal conventional
schematic conventional
geometrical geometric
allegoric allegorical
emblematical emblematic
symbolic emblematic
symbolical emblematic
unsymbolic nonrepresentative
honored esteemed
prestigious esteemed
good estimable
honorable estimable
respectable estimable
well-thought-of respected
time-honoured time-honored
damaged discredited
infamous ill-famed
notorious ill-famed
shady louche
seedy seamy
sleazy seamy
sordid seamy
squalid seamy
open receptive
acceptant acceptive
unsympathetic closed
unreconcilable irreconcilable
distant aloof
upstage aloof
withdrawn indrawn
engaged booked
set-aside booked
rush first-come-first-serve
resistless irresistible
overwhelming overpowering
bent_on bent
dead_set bent
out_to bent
do-or-die desperate
steadfast firm
steady firm
stiff firm
unbendable firm
unfaltering firm
unshakable firm
unwavering firm
resolved single-minded
stout stalwart
undismayed undaunted
unshaken undaunted
undiscouraged undeterred
vacillating vacillant
wavering vacillant
nice decent
solid upstanding
deferential deferent
regardful deferent
devastating annihilating
withering annihilating
disdainful contemptuous
insulting contemptuous
scornful contemptuous
gibelike derisive
jeering derisive
mocking derisive
taunting derisive
undutiful impious
insolent impudent
snotty-nosed impudent
flip impudent
devil-may-care carefree
freewheeling carefree
happy-go-lucky carefree
harum-scarum carefree
slaphappy carefree
loose idle
respondent answering
low-keyed low-key
subdued low-key
extravagant excessive
exuberant excessive
overweening excessive
unchecked unbridled
uncurbed unbridled
ungoverned unbridled
unlaced unbuttoned
unhindered unhampered
limited circumscribed
out-of-bounds off-limits
constraining confining
constrictive confining
limiting confining
restricting confining
repressive inhibitory
repressing inhibitory
regulatory regulative
recollective retentive
long retentive
tenacious retentive
forgetful unretentive
short unretentive
reticular reticulate
cancellated cancellate
clathrate cancellate
crisscrossed crisscross
interlaced fretted
latticed fretted
latticelike fretted
interrelated interconnected
netlike lacy
netted lacy
webbed lacy
weblike lacy
webby lacy
nonretractable nonretractile
specular mirrorlike
nonreflecting nonreflective
echolike echoic
brilliant bright
reechoing echoing
jingly jingling
resonating resonant
resounding resonant
reverberating resonant
reverberative resonant
tinkly tinkling
nonresonant unreverberant
thudding dull
worshipful adoring
awful awed
reverential respectful
venerating respectful
profane blasphemous
sacrilegious blasphemous
awless aweless
disrespectful aweless
renascent resurgent
revitalised revitalized
unrenewed unrevived
awestruck awed
awestricken awed
awless aweless
unappreciated thankless
ungratifying thankless
declamatory bombastic
large bombastic
orotund bombastic
tumid bombastic
turgid bombastic
ornate flowery
over-embellished empurpled
purple empurpled
magniloquent grandiloquent
tall grandiloquent
poetical poetic
prosaic matter-of-fact
rhythmic rhythmical
cadent cadenced
swinging lilting
swingy lilting
tripping lilting
metrical measured
metric measured
intoned chantlike
singsong chantlike
unrhythmic unrhythmical
arrhythmical arrhythmic
flush affluent
loaded affluent
moneyed affluent
wealthy affluent
easy comfortable
prosperous comfortable
well-fixed comfortable
well-heeled comfortable
well-off comfortable
well-situated comfortable
well-to-do comfortable
bust broke
skint broke
stone-broke broke
stony-broke broke
impoverished destitute
indigent destitute
necessitous destitute
needy destitute
poverty-stricken destitute
impecunious hard_up
in_straitened_circumstances hard_up
penniless hard_up
penurious hard_up
pinched hard_up
gilded deluxe
grand deluxe
luxurious deluxe
opulent deluxe
princely deluxe
sumptuous deluxe
lucullan lavish
lush lavish
plush lavish
plushy lavish
mean beggarly
monied moneyed
belly-up bankrupt
bimanual two-handed
right-hand right
left-hand left
two-handed ambidextrous
old-line oldline
reactionist reactionary
far-right reactionary
right-wing rightist
left-of-center leftist
left-wing leftist
middle-of-the-road centrist
nigh near
larboard port
bicorned bicorn
bicornate bicorn
bicornuate bicorn
bicornuous bicorn
honorable ethical
honourable ethical
criminal condemnable
deplorable condemnable
reprehensible condemnable
vicious condemnable
immoral base
mistaken misguided
just good
upright good
unholy sinful
wicked sinful
burly beefy
husky beefy
strapping beefy
buirdly beefy
chesty big-chested
broad-shouldered big-shouldered
square-shouldered big-shouldered
iron cast-iron
stalwart hardy
stout hardy
sturdy hardy
debile decrepit
feeble decrepit
infirm decrepit
rickety decrepit
sapless decrepit
weak decrepit
weakly decrepit
circular round
global ball-shaped
globose ball-shaped
globular ball-shaped
orbicular ball-shaped
spheric ball-shaped
spherical ball-shaped
bulbous bulblike
bulb-shaped bulblike
discoidal discoid
disklike discoid
disclike discoid
disk-shaped discoid
disc-shaped discoid
moon-round moonlike
sausage-shaped allantoid
amygdaliform almond-shaped
amygdaloid almond-shaped
amygdaloidal almond-shaped
annulate annular
annulated annular
circinate annular
ringed annular
ring-shaped annular
doughnut-shaped annular
aspherical aspheric
ear-shaped auriform
ear-like auriform
crescent-shaped crescent
semilunar crescent
lunate crescent
cycloidal cycloid
cylindric cylindrical
vaulted domed
elliptic egg-shaped
elliptical egg-shaped
oval egg-shaped
oval-shaped egg-shaped
ovate egg-shaped
oviform egg-shaped
ovoid egg-shaped
prolate egg-shaped
ellipsoidal ellipsoid
spheroidal ellipsoid
tongue-shaped lingulate
olive-like olivelike
parabolical parabolic
rodlike rod-shaped
angulate angular
star-shaped asteroid
bicuspidate bicuspid
cuspated cuspate
cusped cuspate
cuspidal cuspate
cuspidate cuspate
cuspidated cuspate
sharp-angled sharp-cornered
tricuspidate tricuspid
pumpkin-shaped oblate
watermelon-shaped prolate
agricultural agrarian
farming agrarian
rustic agrestic
bucolic arcadian
pastoral arcadian
countryfied countrified
rustic countrified
folksy cracker-barrel
homespun cracker-barrel
cityfied citified
city-bred citified
city-born citified
urbanised urbanized
rustproofed rustproof
undersealed undercoated
blessed beatified
sacred consecrated
sanctified consecrated
sacred hallowed
unhallowed unholy
unconsecrated profane
unsanctified profane
unnameable ineffable
unspeakable ineffable
unutterable ineffable
inviolate inviolable
sacrosanct inviolable
spiritual religious
sublime reverend
tabu taboo
secular profane
lay laic
secular laic
riskless risk-free
unhazardous risk-free
unhurt safe_and_sound
unsafe dangerous
chanceful chancy
dicey chancy
dodgy chancy
risky hazardous
wild hazardous
perilous parlous
precarious parlous
touch-and-go parlous
suicidal self-destructive
unreliable treacherous
saleable salable
merchantable marketable
sellable marketable
vendable marketable
vendible marketable
unsaleable unsalable
unmerchantable unmarketable
unvendible unmarketable
corresponding comparable
like comparable
indistinguishable identical
synoptical synoptic
antithetical antithetic
various assorted
contrastive contrasting
diametrical diametric
opposite diametric
polar diametric
distinguishable distinct
various diverse
diverse divers
aforementioned aforesaid
said aforesaid
selfsame identical
very identical
some_other another
kindred akin
correspondent analogous
mistakable confusable
of_sound_mind compos_mentis
in_her_right_mind in_his_right_mind
in_their_right_minds in_his_right_mind
amok amuck
berserk amuck
demoniac amuck
demoniacal amuck
possessed amuck
barmy balmy
bats balmy
batty balmy
bonkers balmy
buggy balmy
cracked balmy
crackers balmy
daft balmy
dotty balmy
fruity balmy
haywire balmy
kooky balmy
kookie balmy
loco balmy
loony balmy
loopy balmy
nuts balmy
nutty balmy
round_the_bend balmy
around_the_bend balmy
wacky balmy
whacky balmy
crazy brainsick
demented brainsick
disturbed brainsick
mad brainsick
sick brainsick
unbalanced brainsick
unhinged brainsick
certified certifiable
idiotic crackbrained
deranged crazed
half-crazed crazed
touched fey
moonstruck lunatic
maniac maniacal
unsound mentally_ill
unstable mentally_ill
of_unsound_mind non_compos_mentis
psychopathologic psychopathic
psychopathological psychopathic
wild raving_mad
screwy screw-loose
satiated satiate
satisfiable satiable
insatiable insatiate
unsatiable insatiate
unquenchable quenchless
unsatiated unsated
unsatisfied unsated
biting barbed
nipping barbed
pungent barbed
mordacious barbed
grim black
mordant black
satiric satirical
passable adequate
fair_to_middling adequate
tolerable adequate
fine all_right
o.k. all_right
ok all_right
okay all_right
hunky-dory all_right
cheering comforting
satisfying comforting
copasetic copacetic
copesetic copacetic
copesettic copacetic
dissatisfactory disappointing
unsatisfying disappointing
ascendible ascendable
climbable ascendable
unclimbable unscalable
donnish academic
pedantic academic
studious bookish
learned erudite
unconscionable conscienceless
opened open
certain sealed
uncertain unsealed
sneak furtive
sneaky furtive
stealthy furtive
surreptitious furtive
obscure hidden
secret hidden
unavowed sneaking
blazing blatant
conspicuous blatant
indicatory indicative
revelatory indicative
significative indicative
suggestive indicative
unsectarian nonsectarian
oecumenic ecumenic
ecumenical ecumenic
oecumenical ecumenic
interdenominational interchurch
unafraid secure
untroubled secure
unsafe insecure
shaky precarious
unsecured unguaranteed
unbolted unbarred
unlatched unbarred
unlocked unbarred
unsecured unbarred
beguiling alluring
enticing alluring
tempting alluring
untempting uninviting
egotistical egotistic
narcissistic egotistic
self-loving egotistic
self-seeking self-serving
self-giving self-denying
self-sacrificing self-denying
older elder
sr. elder
superior ranking
higher-ranking ranking
lower-ranking junior-grade
lowly junior-grade
petty junior-grade
secondary junior-grade
subaltern junior-grade
jr. younger
shocking lurid
sensationalistic scandalmongering
yellow scandalmongering
sensitive sensible
anaesthetic anesthetic
benumbed asleep
numb asleep
irritable excitable
photosensitive light-sensitive
responsive reactive
deadened dead
thin-skinned huffy
feisty huffy
touchy huffy
indurate callous
pachydermatous callous
numb dead
unaffected insensible
tough-skinned thick-skinned
sensitising sensitizing
desensitising desensitizing
sensorial sensory
paranormal extrasensory
isolated detached
separated detached
set-apart detached
distinct discrete
isolated disjunct
conjunct concerted
conjunctive concerted
cooperative concerted
conjoint conjoined
collective corporate
healthful sanitary
hygienical hygienic
insanitary unsanitary
unhealthful unsanitary
infected septic
pestiferous dirty
pussy purulent
infective infectious
putrefacient putrefactive
sterile aseptic
disinfectant bactericidal
germicidal bactericidal
purifying cleansing
clean uninfected
unsterilised unsterilized
adulterant adulterating
foreign extraneous
cleansing ablutionary
detersive detergent
sincere earnest
solemn earnest
sedate grave
sober grave
solemn grave
serious-minded thoughtful
dizzy airheaded
empty-headed airheaded
featherbrained airheaded
giddy airheaded
light-headed airheaded
lightheaded airheaded
silly airheaded
flyaway flighty
head-in-the-clouds flighty
scatterbrained flighty
light-minded flippant
light idle
frolicsome coltish
frolicky coltish
rollicking coltish
sportive coltish
rascally devilish
roguish devilish
elfish elfin
elvish elfin
impish arch
implike arch
mischievous arch
pixilated arch
prankish arch
puckish arch
wicked arch
frisky kittenish
teasing mocking
quizzical mocking
serious unplayful
sober unplayful
elite elect
long-wearing durable
usable functional
useable functional
operable functional
operational functional
burnt-out burned-out
placed located
set located
situated located
resettled relocated
drifting aimless
floating aimless
vagabond aimless
vagrant aimless
planetary erratic
wandering erratic
stateless homeless
migratory migrant
nomadic mobile
peregrine mobile
roving mobile
wandering mobile
wayfaring peripatetic
vagabond rootless
resident nonmigratory
effected accomplished
established accomplished
decreed appointed
ordained appointed
prescribed appointed
dictated determined
set determined
tentative doubtful
undecided open
undetermined open
unresolved open
horny aroused
randy aroused
ruttish aroused
steamy aroused
turned_on aroused
flirtatious coquettish
titillating erotic
gamy blue
gamey blue
juicy blue
naughty blue
racy blue
risque blue
spicy blue
sexual intimate
luscious juicy
red-hot juicy
toothsome juicy
voluptuous juicy
lewd lascivious
libidinous lascivious
lustful lascivious
lustful lubricious
prurient lubricious
salacious lubricious
highly-sexed oversexed
adult pornographic
nonsexual asexual
agamous agamic
agamogenetic agamic
apomictic agamic
parthenogenetic agamic
sexless neuter
vegetative vegetal
unsexed castrated
neutered altered
emasculated cut
gelded cut
intact entire
aphrodisiacal aphrodisiac
sexy aphrodisiac
monoestrous monestrous
polyoestrous polyestrous
dioestrous diestrous
diestrual diestrous
dioestrual diestrous
busty bosomy
buxom bosomy
curvaceous bosomy
curvy bosomy
full-bosomed bosomy
sonsie bosomy
sonsy bosomy
stacked bosomy
voluptuous bosomy
well-endowed bosomy
callipygous callipygian
fully_fashioned full-fashioned
statuesque junoesque
sculptural modeled
sculptured modeled
sculpturesque modeled
tip-tilted retrousse
upturned retrousse
lumpy chunky
taliped clubfooted
distorted deformed
ill-shapen deformed
malformed deformed
misshapen deformed
knobbly knobby
nodulated nodular
noduled nodular
chicken-breasted pigeon-breasted
malleable ductile
pliable ductile
pliant ductile
tensile ductile
tractile ductile
bacillary bacillar
bacilliform bacillar
baculiform bacillar
rod-shaped bacillar
chainlike catenulate
drum-like drum-shaped
scaphoid navicular
molded shaped
wrought shaped
spade-like spade-shaped
worm-shaped vermiform
formless amorphous
shapeless amorphous
unshapen unshaped
mutual common
sole exclusive
single individual
shaved shaven
whiskerless beardless
smooth-shaven clean-shaven
well-shaven clean-shaven
unshaved unshaven
barbate bearded
bewhiskered bearded
whiskered bearded
whiskery bearded
stubbled bestubbled
stubbly bestubbled
mustached mustachioed
shorn sheared
unshorn unsheared
encased cased
incased cased
bare unsheathed
narrow-minded shockable
broad-minded unshockable
shodden shod
shoed shod
sandalled sandaled
unshoed unshod
barefooted barefoot
shoeless barefoot
shod calced
discalceate discalced
unshod discalced
shortsighted nearsighted
myopic nearsighted
presbyopic farsighted
keen-sighted eagle-eyed
farseeing eagle-eyed
longsighted eagle-eyed
hypermetropic hyperopic
hawk-eyed argus-eyed
keen-sighted argus-eyed
lynx-eyed argus-eyed
quick-sighted argus-eyed
sharp-eyed argus-eyed
sharp-sighted argus-eyed
unsighted blind
blindfolded blindfold
colour-blind color-blind
green-blind deuteranopic
near-blind dim-sighted
purblind dim-sighted
sand-blind dim-sighted
visually_impaired dim-sighted
visually_challenged dim-sighted
sightless eyeless
unseeing eyeless
red-blind protanopic
snow-blinded snow-blind
blue-blind tritanopic
important significant
epoch-making epochal
world-shaking earthshaking
world-shattering earthshaking
evidentiary evidential
profound fundamental
remarkable noteworthy
probatory probative
prodigious portentous
unimportant insignificant
hole-in-corner hole-and-corner
fragile flimsy
slight flimsy
tenuous flimsy
thin flimsy
trivial superficial
unsubdivided simple
acerose acerate
acicular acerate
needle-shaped acerate
heart-shaped cordate
cordiform cordate
wedge-shaped cuneate
dolabrate dolabriform
sword-shaped ensiform
swordlike ensiform
bladelike ensiform
spearhead-shaped hastate
lancelike lanceolate
elongate linear
orbicular orbiculate
panduriform pandurate
fiddle-shaped pandurate
shield-shaped peltate
kidney-shaped reniform
sagittiform sagittate
arrow-shaped sagittate
spatula-shaped spatulate
bilobated bilobate
bilobed bilobate
dissected cleft
abruptly-pinnate even-pinnate
paripinnate even-pinnate
lobate lobed
imparipinnate odd-pinnate
palm-shaped palmate
pinnated pinnate
trifoliolate trifoliate
trifoliated trifoliate
trilobated trilobate
trilobed trilobate
three-lobed trilobate
tripinnated tripinnate
undecomposable unanalyzable
unsophisticated uncomplicated
decomposable analyzable
convoluted byzantine
involved byzantine
knotty byzantine
tangled byzantine
tortuous byzantine
compound colonial
interlinking interlacing
interlocking interlacing
interwoven interlacing
labyrinthian labyrinthine
mazy labyrinthine
devout dear
earnest dear
heartfelt dear
true genuine
unfeigned genuine
wholehearted heart-whole
whole-souled heart-whole
fawning bootlicking
obsequious bootlicking
sycophantic bootlicking
toadyish bootlicking
fulsome buttery
oily buttery
oleaginous buttery
smarmy buttery
soapy buttery
unctuous buttery
meretricious gilded
specious gilded
0 zero
1 one
i one
ane one
2 two
ii two
3 three
iii three
4 four
iv four
5 five
v five
6 six
vi six
half_dozen six
half-dozen six
7 seven
vii seven
8 eight
viii eight
9 nine
ix nine
10 ten
x ten
11 eleven
xi eleven
12 twelve
xii twelve
dozen twelve
13 thirteen
xiii thirteen
14 fourteen
xiv fourteen
15 fifteen
xv fifteen
16 sixteen
xvi sixteen
17 seventeen
xvii seventeen
18 eighteen
xviii eighteen
19 nineteen
xix nineteen
20 twenty
xx twenty
21 twenty-one
xxi twenty-one
22 twenty-two
xxii twenty-two
23 twenty-three
xxiii twenty-three
24 twenty-four
xxiv twenty-four
25 twenty-five
xxv twenty-five
26 twenty-six
xxvi twenty-six
27 twenty-seven
xxvii twenty-seven
28 twenty-eight
xxviii twenty-eight
29 twenty-nine
xxix twenty-nine
30 thirty
xxx thirty
31 thirty-one
xxxi thirty-one
32 thirty-two
xxxii thirty-two
33 thirty-three
xxxiii thirty-three
34 thirty-four
xxxiv thirty-four
35 thirty-five
xxxv thirty-five
36 thirty-six
xxxvi thirty-six
37 thirty-seven
xxxvii thirty-seven
38 thirty-eight
xxxviii thirty-eight
39 thirty-nine
ixl thirty-nine
40 forty
xl forty
twoscore forty
41 forty-one
xli forty-one
42 forty-two
xlii forty-two
43 forty-three
xliii forty-three
44 forty-four
xliv forty-four
45 forty-five
xlv forty-five
46 forty-six
xlvi forty-six
47 forty-seven
xlvii forty-seven
48 forty-eight
xlviii forty-eight
49 forty-nine
il forty-nine
50 fifty
l fifty
51 fifty-one
li fifty-one
52 fifty-two
lii fifty-two
53 fifty-three
liii fifty-three
54 fifty-four
liv fifty-four
55 fifty-five
lv fifty-five
56 fifty-six
lvi fifty-six
57 fifty-seven
lvii fifty-seven
58 fifty-eight
lviii fifty-eight
59 fifty-nine
ilx fifty-nine
60 sixty
lx sixty
threescore sixty
61 sixty-one
lxi sixty-one
62 sixty-two
lxii sixty-two
63 sixty-three
lxiii sixty-three
64 sixty-four
lxiv sixty-four
65 sixty-five
lxv sixty-five
66 sixty-six
lxvi sixty-six
67 sixty-seven
lxvii sixty-seven
68 sixty-eight
lxviii sixty-eight
69 sixty-nine
ilxx sixty-nine
70 seventy
lxx seventy
71 seventy-one
lxxi seventy-one
72 seventy-two
lxxii seventy-two
73 seventy-three
lxxiii seventy-three
74 seventy-four
lxxiv seventy-four
75 seventy-five
lxxv seventy-five
76 seventy-six
lxxvi seventy-six
77 seventy-seven
lxxvii seventy-seven
78 seventy-eight
lxxviii seventy-eight
79 seventy-nine
ilxxx seventy-nine
80 eighty
lxxx eighty
fourscore eighty
81 eighty-one
lxxxi eighty-one
82 eighty-two
lxxxii eighty-two
83 eighty-three
lxxxiii eighty-three
84 eighty-four
lxxxiv eighty-four
85 eighty-five
lxxxv eighty-five
86 eighty-six
lxxxvi eighty-six
87 eighty-seven
lxxxvii eighty-seven
88 eighty-eight
lxxxviii eighty-eight
89 eighty-nine
ixc eighty-nine
90 ninety
xc ninety
91 ninety-one
xci ninety-one
92 ninety-two
xcii ninety-two
93 ninety-three
xciii ninety-three
94 ninety-four
xciv ninety-four
95 ninety-five
xcv ninety-five
96 ninety-six
xcvi ninety-six
97 ninety-seven
xcvii ninety-seven
98 ninety-eight
xcviii ninety-eight
99 ninety-nine
ic ninety-nine
one_hundred hundred
100 hundred
c hundred
one_hundred_one hundred_and_one
101 hundred_and_one
ci hundred_and_one
105 one_hundred_five
cv one_hundred_five
110 one_hundred_ten
cx one_hundred_ten
115 one_hundred_fifteen
cxv one_hundred_fifteen
120 one_hundred_twenty
cxx one_hundred_twenty
125 one_hundred_twenty-five
cxxv one_hundred_twenty-five
130 one_hundred_thirty
cxxx one_hundred_thirty
135 one_hundred_thirty-five
cxxxv one_hundred_thirty-five
140 one_hundred_forty
cxl one_hundred_forty
145 one_hundred_forty-five
cxlv one_hundred_forty-five
150 one_hundred_fifty
cl one_hundred_fifty
155 one_hundred_fifty-five
clv one_hundred_fifty-five
160 one_hundred_sixty
clx one_hundred_sixty
165 one_hundred_sixty-five
clxv one_hundred_sixty-five
170 one_hundred_seventy
clxx one_hundred_seventy
175 one_hundred_seventy-five
clxxv one_hundred_seventy-five
180 one_hundred_eighty
clxxx one_hundred_eighty
190 one_hundred_ninety
xcl one_hundred_ninety
200 two_hundred
cc two_hundred
300 three_hundred
ccc three_hundred
400 four_hundred
cd four_hundred
500 five_hundred
d five_hundred
one_thousand thousand
1000 thousand
m thousand
k thousand
1st first
2nd second
2d second
3rd third
tertiary third
4th fourth
quaternary fourth
5th fifth
6th sixth
7th seventh
8th eighth
9th ninth
10th tenth
11th eleventh
12th twelfth
13th thirteenth
14th fourteenth
15th fifteenth
16th sixteenth
17th seventeenth
18th eighteenth
19th nineteenth
umteenth umpteenth
umptieth umpteenth
20th twentieth
21st twenty-first
22nd twenty-second
23rd twenty-third
24th twenty-fourth
25th twenty-fifth
26th twenty-sixth
27th twenty-seventh
28th twenty-eighth
29th twenty-ninth
30th thirtieth
31st thirty-first
32nd thirty-second
33rd thirty-third
34th thirty-fourth
35th thirty-fifth
36th thirty-sixth
37th thirty-seventh
38th thirty-eighth
39th thirty-ninth
40th fortieth
41st forty-first
42nd forty-second
43rd forty-third
44th forty-fourth
45th forty-fifth
46th forty-sixth
47th forty-seventh
48th forty-eighth
49th forty-ninth
50th fiftieth
55th fifty-fifth
60th sixtieth
64th sixty-fourth
65th sixty-fifth
70th seventieth
75th seventy-fifth
80th eightieth
85th eighty-fifth
90th ninetieth
95th ninety-fifth
centesimal hundredth
100th hundredth
101st hundred-and-first
105th hundred-and-fifth
110th hundred-and-tenth
115th hundred-and-fifteenth
120th hundred-and-twentieth
125th hundred-and-twenty-fifth
130th hundred-and-thirtieth
135th hundred-and-thirty-fifth
140th hundred-and-fortieth
145th hundred-and-forty-fifth
150th hundred-and-fiftieth
155th hundred-and-fifty-fifth
160th hundred-and-sixtieth
165th hundred-and-sixty-fifth
170th hundred-and-seventieth
175th hundred-and-seventy-fifth
180th hundred-and-eightieth
190th hundred-and-ninetieth
200th two-hundredth
300th three-hundredth
400th four-hundredth
500th five-hundredth
1000th thousandth
n-th nth
written scripted
spontaneous ad-lib
unwritten ad-lib
azygos azygous
one-person one-man
one-woman one-man
lonesome lone
only lone
sole lone
solitary lone
unique singular
one-member uninominal
doubled double
twofold double
two-fold double
dual double
duple double
dual double
twofold double
two-fold double
treble double
threefold double
three-fold double
multiplex manifold
treble ternary
triple ternary
triplex ternary
threefold treble
three-fold treble
triple treble
fourfold quadruple
four-fold quadruple
quadruplicate quadruple
quadruplex quadruple
fourfold quadruple
four-fold quadruple
quaternary quaternate
fivefold quintuple
five-fold quintuple
sixfold sextuple
six-fold sextuple
sevenfold septuple
seven-fold septuple
eightfold octuple
eight-fold octuple
ninefold nonuple
nine-fold nonuple
ten-fold tenfold
denary tenfold
dual-lane divided
medium-size medium-sized
moderate-sized medium-sized
moderate-size medium-sized
complete accomplished
expert adept
good adept
practiced adept
proficient adept
skillful adept
skilful adept
masterful consummate
masterly consummate
virtuoso consummate
expert technical
butcherly botchy
unskillful botchy
botched bungled
clumsy bungling
fumbling bungling
incompetent bungling
rough crude
menial humble
lowly humble
rusty out_of_practice
mathematical numerical
harsh coarse
large-grained coarse-grained
coarse-grained farinaceous
grainy farinaceous
granular farinaceous
granulose farinaceous
gritty farinaceous
mealy farinaceous
plush-like plushy
open loose
tight close
fine-grained close-grained
powdery powdered
pulverized powdered
pulverised powdered
small-grained powdered
fine-grained powdered
slippy slippery
slimy slimed
slithering slipping
greased lubricated
ungreased unlubricated
uncreased creaseless
smooth-textured fine-textured
unlined seamless
unseamed seamless
aerodynamic streamlined
flowing streamlined
sleek streamlined
velvety velvet
velvet-textured velvet
unsmooth rough
scratchy abrasive
cracked alligatored
rugged broken
cracked chapped
roughened chapped
twilled corded
ribbed costate
craggy cragged
hilly cragged
mountainous cragged
nubby homespun
nubbly homespun
slubbed homespun
tweedy homespun
imbricated imbricate
leprose lepidote
scabrous lepidote
scaly lepidote
scurfy lepidote
seamed lined
pockmarked pocked
potholed pocked
rockbound rock-ribbed
bouldery rocky
bouldered rocky
stony rocky
pebbly gravelly
shingly gravelly
shaggy shagged
rough-textured textured
coarse-textured textured
warty verrucose
wartlike verrucose
rocky rough
bumpy rough
jolty rough
jolting rough
jumpy rough
rugged furrowed
rutty rutted
untoothed unnotched
ciliated ciliate
crenated crenate
scalloped crenate
crenulated crenulate
jagged erose
jaggy erose
notched erose
toothed erose
laciniate fringed
lacerated lacerate
serrated serrate
saw-toothed serrate
toothed serrate
notched serrate
smoothbore unrifled
ethnic cultural
ethnical cultural
multi-ethnic multiethnic
asocial antisocial
lonely lone
solitary lone
reclusive recluse
withdrawn recluse
lone alone
lonely alone
solitary alone
marooned isolated
stranded isolated
attended accompanied
nonsocial nongregarious
solitary nongregarious
cespitose caespitose
tufted caespitose
sewn sewed
stitched sewed
several-seeded multi-seeded
one-seeded single-seeded
one-seed single-seeded
clubable clubbable
clubby clubbish
good-time convivial
forthcoming extroverted
outgoing extroverted
solidified coagulated
jelled congealed
jellied congealed
runny fluid
liquifiable liquefiable
liquified liquefied
airlike aeriform
aerosolised aerosolized
vaporized gasified
vapourised gasified
volatilized gasified
volatilised gasified
vapourific vaporific
vaporish vaporific
vapourish vaporific
vaporous vaporific
vapourous vaporific
sunken deep-set
recessed deep-set
fistulate fistular
fistulous fistular
cannular tubular
tubelike tubular
tube-shaped tubular
vasiform tubular
dissoluble dissolvable
disintegrable meltable
indissoluble insoluble
non-water-soluble water-insoluble
resolvable solvable
unsoluble insolvable
unsolvable insolvable
unresolvable insolvable
resolved solved
unresolved unsolved
whatever any
whatsoever any
worldly blase
well-informed intelligent
refined polished
svelte polished
urbane polished
naif naive
wide-eyed childlike
round-eyed childlike
dewy-eyed childlike
simple childlike
green fleeceable
gullible fleeceable
ingenuous innocent
unworldly unsophisticated
good dependable
safe dependable
secure dependable
risky bad
high-risk bad
speculative bad
strong solid
substantial solid
rotten decayed
rotted decayed
bubbly bubbling
foaming bubbling
foamy bubbling
frothy bubbling
effervescing bubbling
spumy bubbling
charged aerated
fizzy fizzing
uncarbonated noncarbonated
effervescent sparkling
noneffervescent still
specialised specialized
unspecialised unspecialized
generalised generalized
spiny spinous
knockabout boisterous
gallant dashing
exuberant ebullient
high-spirited ebullient
plucky feisty
spunky feisty
irreverent impertinent
pert impertinent
saucy impertinent
racy lively
whipping snappy
vivacious vibrant
yeasty zestful
zesty zestful
barmy zestful
listless dispirited
self-generated spontaneous
unprompted impulsive
instinctive natural
evoked elicited
uttered expressed
verbalized expressed
verbalised expressed
unwritten oral
word-of-mouth viva-voce
left-slanting backhand
graphical graphic
in_writing graphic
sonant voiced
soft voiced
voiceless unvoiced
surd unvoiced
hard unvoiced
statute codified
unsyllabic nonsyllabic
steady firm
unfluctuating firm
stabilised stabilized
coseismal coseismic
cranky crank
tender crank
tippy crank
volatile explosive
shaky rickety
wobbly rickety
wonky rickety
seismal seismic
disconnected staccato
disconnected abrupt
smooth legato
classical authoritative
classic authoritative
definitive authoritative
canonic basic
canonical basic
textbook casebook
criterional criterial
standardised standardized
inferior deficient
substandard deficient
received standard
unaccepted unacceptable
amylaceous starchlike
amyloid starchlike
amyloidal starchlike
farinaceous starchlike
replete full
well-nourished well-fed
underfed ill-fed
undernourished ill-fed
starving starved
rock-steady dependable
steady-going dependable
regular even
unwavering level
sure-footed surefooted
footsure surefooted
jerking arrhythmic
jerky arrhythmic
spasmodic convulsive
spastic convulsive
aflicker flickering
palpitating palpitant
shivering shaky
trembling shaky
tremulous quavering
shifty shifting
tottery tottering
thought-provoking challenging
salty piquant
stirring rousing
unexciting unstimulating
flat bland
juiceless dry
ataraxic ataractic
sedative ataractic
tranquilizing ataractic
tranquillizing ataractic
tranquilising ataractic
tranquillising ataractic
narcotizing narcotic
narcotising narcotic
soporiferous soporific
somniferous soporific
somnific soporific
hypnogogic soporific
hypnagogic soporific
adrenocorticotrophic adrenocorticotropic
excitative excitant
excitatory excitant
irritative irritating
stimulating stimulant
mouthless astomatous
hooked aquiline
awry askew
cockeyed askew
lopsided askew
wonky askew
skew-whiff askew
writhed contorted
writhen contorted
refractive deflective
gnarly gnarled
knotted gnarled
knotty gnarled
knobbed gnarled
twisting tortuous
twisty tortuous
winding tortuous
voluminous tortuous
zig-zag zigzag
trabeate trabeated
uncurving uncurved
curving curved
arched arced
arching arced
arciform arced
arcuate arced
bowed arced
curvilinear curvilineal
falciform falcate
sickle-shaped falcate
curvey curvy
hooked hooklike
incurved incurvate
recurvate recurved
snaky serpentine
snakelike serpentine
sinuous sinuate
wiggly sinuate
helical coiling
spiral coiling
spiraling coiling
volute coiling
voluted coiling
whorled coiling
turbinate coiling
convoluted convolute
rolled involute
straight uncoiled
square straight
straightforward aboveboard
transparent guileless
corrupt crooked
underhand sneaky
underhanded sneaky
accented stressed
emphasized emphatic
emphasised emphatic
light unaccented
weak unaccented
accented tonic
unaccented atonic
hefty brawny
muscular brawny
powerful brawny
sinewy brawny
knockout hard
severe hard
weapons-grade industrial-strength
powerful knock-down
strengthened reinforced
well-set well-knit
anaemic anemic
asthenic adynamic
debilitated adynamic
enervated adynamic
feeble faint
lame feeble
shoddy jerry-built
gutless namby-pamby
spineless namby-pamby
wishy-washy namby-pamby
pallid pale
wan pale
sick pale
obstinate stubborn
unregenerate stubborn
cantankerous bloody-minded
stroppy bolshy
bullet-headed bullheaded
pigheaded bullheaded
dour dogged
persistent dogged
pertinacious dogged
tenacious dogged
unyielding dogged
cross-grained contrarious
mulish hardheaded
strong-willed strong-minded
tame meek
sheepish sheeplike
dependent subject
unruly disobedient
flourishing booming
palmy booming
prospering booming
prosperous booming
roaring booming
thriving booming
winning victorious
disappointed defeated
discomfited defeated
foiled defeated
frustrated defeated
thwarted defeated
ruined done_for
sunk done_for
undone done_for
washed-up done_for
unrewarded empty-handed
goalless scoreless
hitless scoreless
unrealized unfulfilled
unrealised unfulfilled
decent adequate
enough adequate
deficient insufficient
low depleted
poor inadequate
short inadequate
skimpy lean
scant light
short light
sugar-coated candied
honied honeyed
syrupy honeyed
sweetened sugared
sweet sugared
sweet-flavored sugared
nonsweet sugarless
condescending arch
patronizing arch
patronising arch
high eminent
preeminent leading
high-ranking high-level
upper-level high-level
olympian majestic
low humble
lowly humble
modest humble
small humble
A-one ace
crack ace
first-rate ace
super ace
tiptop ace
topnotch ace
top-notch ace
tops ace
select blue-ribbon
brag boss
superb brilliant
prime choice
prize choice
quality choice
select choice
first-class excellent
fantabulous excellent
splendid excellent
sterling greatest
superlative greatest
pucka pukka
top-hole top-flight
topping top-flight
surpassing transcendent
cheap bum
cheesy bum
chintzy bum
crummy bum
punk bum
sleazy bum
tinny bum
bush bush-league
shoddy cheapjack
tawdry cheapjack
common coarse
commercial-grade commercial
execrable deplorable
miserable deplorable
woeful deplorable
wretched deplorable
second-rate mediocre
ropy ropey
scrubby scrawny
stunted scrawny
utility-grade utility
superimposed overlying
superior superscript
inferior subscript
buttressed braced
pendant pendent
dependent pendent
subsidised subsidized
groundless baseless
idle baseless
unfounded baseless
unwarranted baseless
wild baseless
unassisted single-handed
unbacked single-handed
unsubstantiated uncorroborated
aided assisted
adjunct accessory
ancillary accessory
adjuvant accessory
appurtenant accessory
auxiliary accessory
accessory accessary
confirmative collateral
confirming collateral
confirmatory collateral
corroborative collateral
corroboratory collateral
substantiating collateral
substantiative collateral
validating collateral
validatory collateral
verificatory collateral
verifying collateral
supporting encouraging
contradictory confounding
invalidating disconfirming
superable conquerable
unsurmountable insurmountable
unconquerable insuperable
astonied amazed
astonished amazed
astounded amazed
stunned amazed
dumfounded dumbfounded
flabbergasted dumbfounded
stupefied dumbfounded
thunderstruck dumbfounded
dumbstruck dumbfounded
dumbstricken dumbfounded
openmouthed goggle-eyed
popeyed goggle-eyed
not_surprised unsurprised
astonishing amazing
hypersensitive allergic
hypersensitized allergic
hypersensitised allergic
sensitized allergic
sensitised allergic
supersensitive allergic
supersensitized allergic
supersensitised allergic
open capable
subject capable
persuadable convincible
persuasible convincible
suasible convincible
pliable fictile
nonimmune liable
nonresistant liable
unresistant liable
tractable amenable
insusceptible unsusceptible
resistant immune
immunised immunized
vaccinated immunized
unsuasible unpersuadable
waxy impressionable
impressible impressionable
pliant plastic
special extra
unsweet sec
saccharine cloying
syrupy cloying
treacly cloying
acerbic acerb
astringent acerb
acetous acetose
vinegary acetose
vinegarish acetose
acid acidic
acidulent acidic
acidulous acidic
lemonlike lemony
sourish lemony
tangy lemony
tart lemony
sour off
turned off
sweet fresh
unfermented fresh
symmetric symmetrical
isobilateral bilateral
bilaterally_symmetrical bilateral
bilaterally_symmetric bilateral
cruciform cruciate
regular even
stellate radial
radiate radial
centrosymmetric radially_symmetrical
trigonal rhombohedral
asymmetric asymmetrical
unsymmetrical unsymmetric
actinomorphous actinomorphic
bilaterally_symmetrical zygomorphic
zygomorphous zygomorphic
empathetic empathic
unsympathising unsympathizing
appealing sympathetic
likeable sympathetic
likable sympathetic
unappealing unsympathetic
unlikeable unsympathetic
unlikable unsympathetic
historical diachronic
synchronal synchronous
synchronic synchronous
coeval coetaneous
contemporaneous coetaneous
coexisting coexistent
coincidental coincident
coinciding coincident
concurrent coincident
co-occurrent coincident
cooccurring coincident
simultaneous coincident
contemporary contemporaneous
synchronised synchronized
anachronous anachronic
anachronistic anachronic
unsynchronized nonsynchronous
unsynchronised nonsynchronous
unsynchronous nonsynchronous
in_series serial
nonparallel serial
incompatible contrastive
untalkative reticent
gabby chatty
garrulous chatty
loquacious chatty
talkative chatty
talky chatty
discreet discerning
untactful tactless
gangly gangling
lanky gangling
rangy gangling
long-legged leggy
long-shanked leggy
tall-growing leggy
tall-stalked long-stalked
statuesque stately
little short
dumpy chunky
low-set chunky
squat chunky
squatty chunky
stumpy chunky
heavyset compact
stocky compact
thick compact
thickset compact
pint-sized pint-size
runty pint-size
sawed-off pint-size
sawn-off pint-size
squabby squab
tamed tame
broken_in broken
gentle docile
domesticated domestic
untamed wild
ferine feral
savage feral
disorderly chaotic
excited delirious
frantic delirious
mad delirious
unrestrained delirious
manic frenzied
touchable tangible
tactual tactile
impalpable intangible
esthetic aesthetic
artistic aesthetic
unostentatious understated
unpretentious understated
cheap brassy
flash brassy
flashy brassy
garish brassy
gaudy brassy
gimcrack brassy
loud brassy
meretricious brassy
tacky brassy
tatty brassy
tawdry brassy
trashy brassy
campy camp
off-color indelicate
off-colour indelicate
pretentious ostentatious
sour-tasting acid-tasting
ambrosian ambrosial
nectarous ambrosial
sharp-tasting bitterish
semisweet bittersweet
delicious delectable
luscious delectable
pleasant-tasting delectable
scrumptious delectable
toothsome delectable
yummy delectable
flavourful flavorful
flavorous flavorful
flavourous flavorful
flavorsome flavorful
flavoursome flavorful
sapid flavorful
saporous flavorful
racy full-bodied
rich full-bodied
robust full-bodied
spicy hot
grapy grapey
nutlike nutty
savory piquant
savoury piquant
spicy piquant
zesty piquant
acrid pungent
winey winy
flat bland
flavorless bland
flavourless bland
insipid bland
savorless bland
savourless bland
vapid bland
unflavoured unflavored
nonflavored unflavored
nonflavoured unflavored
unseasoned unsalted
nonexempt taxable
rateable ratable
exempt nontaxable
tax-free tax-exempt
untaxed tax-exempt
light abstemious
restrained moderate
heavy big
tight taut
droopy drooping
sagging drooping
slack loose
wound_up aroused
suspenseful cliff-hanging
suspensive cliff-hanging
nail-biting cliff-hanging
fidgety antsy
fretful antsy
itchy antsy
high-strung edgy
highly_strung edgy
jittery edgy
jumpy edgy
nervy edgy
overstrung edgy
restive edgy
uptight edgy
pumped_up pumped-up
pumped pumped-up
wired pumped-up
mellow laid-back
exterritorial extraterritorial
thermoset thermosetting
hairlike capillary
flat compressed
filmy diaphanous
gauzy diaphanous
gauze-like diaphanous
gossamer diaphanous
see-through diaphanous
sheer diaphanous
transparent diaphanous
vaporous diaphanous
vapourous diaphanous
cobwebby diaphanous
filiform filamentous
filamentlike filamentous
threadlike filamentous
thready filamentous
ribbony ribbonlike
clotted clogged
coagulated coagulate
curdled coagulate
grumous coagulate
grumose coagulate
heavy dense
impenetrable dense
gelatinlike gelatinous
jellylike gelatinous
ropey ropy
stringy ropy
thready ropy
viscous syrupy
rarefied rare
rarified rare
ponderable cogitable
imaginable conceivable
supposable presumable
surmisable presumable
inconceivable impossible
out_of_the_question impossible
unimaginable impossible
deep_in_thought bemused
lost bemused
preoccupied bemused
broody brooding
contemplative brooding
meditative brooding
musing brooding
pensive brooding
pondering brooding
reflective brooding
ruminative brooding
unconsidered inconsiderate
unthinking unreflective
unthoughtful unreflective
frugal economical
scotch economical
sparing economical
stinting economical
prodigal extravagant
profligate extravagant
spendthrift extravagant
uneconomic uneconomical
trig clean-cut
trim clean-cut
orderly neat
trim shipshape
well-kept shipshape
unlittered uncluttered
blowzy blowsy
slatternly blowsy
sluttish blowsy
littered cluttered
dishevelled disheveled
frowzled disheveled
rumpled disheveled
tousled disheveled
higgledy-piggledy disorderly
hugger-mugger disorderly
jumbled disorderly
topsy-turvy disorderly
frowzy frowsy
slovenly frowsy
mussy messy
straggling sprawling
rambling sprawling
straggly sprawling
tidy kempt
slicked plastered
well-dressed well-groomed
shaggy bushy
shaggy-haired bushy
shaggy-coated bushy
half-timbered half-timber
beat all_in
bushed all_in
dead all_in
weary aweary
blear bleary
bleary-eyed bleary
blear-eyed bleary
world-weary bored
burnt-out burned-out
drawn careworn
haggard careworn
raddled careworn
worn careworn
flagging drooping
dog-tired exhausted
fagged exhausted
fatigued exhausted
played_out exhausted
spent exhausted
washed-out exhausted
worn-out exhausted
worn_out exhausted
wearied jaded
drained knackered
unrested unrefreshed
invigorated fresh
refreshed fresh
reinvigorated fresh
unwearied untired
unweary untired
endurable bearable
sufferable bearable
supportable bearable
resistant tolerant
unbearable intolerable
unendurable intolerable
insufferable impossible
unacceptable impossible
unsufferable impossible
strict rigid
unkeyed atonal
fine-tooth fine-toothed
sabertoothed saber-toothed
sabre-toothed saber-toothed
edentate edental
edentulate edental
uppermost topmost
upmost topmost
lowermost bottommost
nethermost bottommost
sidelong lateral
flat-top flat-topped
bell-bottom bell-bottomed
bellbottom bell-bottomed
flat-bottom flat-bottomed
round-bottom round-bottomed
pantropic pantropical
tropic tropical
Arctic north-polar
Antarctic south-polar
gristly cartilaginous
rubbery cartilaginous
leathered coriaceous
leatherlike coriaceous
leathery coriaceous
sinewy fibrous
stringy fibrous
unchewable fibrous
fibrous hempen
cuttable chewable
crispy crisp
flakey flaky
tenderised tenderized
toughened tough
callous calloused
thickened calloused
inured enured
hardened enured
untoughened tender
soft delicate
hard-boiled hard-bitten
pugnacious hard-bitten
unsentimental tough-minded
cyanogenic cyanogenetic
venomous deadly
virulent deadly
toxicant poisonous
atoxic nontoxic
non-poisonous nonpoisonous
manipulable tractable
malleable ductile
teachable docile
tameable tamable
balky balking
stubborn refractory
unmanageable uncontrollable
prix_fixe table_d'hote
trackable traceable
half-tracked half-track
untravelled untraveled
cut trimmed
uncut untrimmed
harassed annoyed
harried annoyed
pestered annoyed
vexed annoyed
nervous anxious
queasy anxious
uneasy anxious
unquiet anxious
storm-tossed buffeted
tempest-tossed buffeted
tempest-tost buffeted
tempest-swept buffeted
heavy-laden care-laden
distressed disquieted
disturbed disquieted
upset disquieted
worried disquieted
hard-pressed distressed
hard_put distressed
in_a_bad_way distressed
hagridden hag-ridden
tormented hag-ridden
distressed stressed
unworried carefree
genuine actual
literal actual
real actual
apodeictic apodictic
spurious specious
trusting trustful
unsuspicious unsuspecting
misanthropic cynical
misanthropical cynical
questioning doubting
skeptical doubting
sceptical doubting
green-eyed jealous
overjealous jealous
mistrustful leery
suspicious leery
untrusting leery
wary leery
trusty trustworthy
reliable authentic
responsible creditworthy
honest dependable
reliable dependable
true dependable
trusted sure
untrusty untrustworthy
shifty devious
shady fly-by-night
tricky slippery
upside-down inverted
upset overturned
upturned overturned
revolved rotated
inside-out wrong-side-out
exemplary emblematic
typic emblematic
veritable regular
untypical atypical
underhanded underhand
underarm underhand
overhanded overhand
overarm overhand
opencut opencast
underground belowground
undersea submarine
submersed submerged
underwater submerged
subterraneous subterranean
submergible submersible
nonsubmergible nonsubmersible
swimming liquid
teary-eyed teary
watery-eyed teary
snuffling sniffly
snuffly sniffly
dry-eyed tearless
organised organized
unionized organized
unionised organized
unorganised unorganized
nonunionized unorganized
nonunionised unorganized
twinning biparous
in_agreement agreed
confederate allied
confederative allied
amalgamated amalgamate
coalesced amalgamate
consolidated amalgamate
fused amalgamate
coalescing coalescent
conjugated conjugate
coupled conjugate
federated federate
incorporated incorporate
integrated incorporate
merged incorporate
unified incorporate
unitary one
nonsegmental unsegmented
two-chambered bicameral
biramous bifurcate
branched bifurcate
forked bifurcate
fork-like bifurcate
forficate bifurcate
pronged bifurcate
prongy bifurcate
biloculate bilocular
bisulcate cloven
disunited disconnected
fragmented disconnected
split disconnected
segmental metameric
segmented metameric
tined pronged
sectioned sectional
bivalved bivalve
pelecypod lamellibranch
pelecypodous lamellibranch
rising acclivitous
uphill acclivitous
ascendent ascendant
ascensive ascendant
upward up
downhill declivitous
downward-sloping declivitous
descendent descendant
downward down
falling dropping
up improving
ungulated ungulate
hoofed ungulate
hooved ungulate
unguiculated unguiculate
in_the_lead ahead
leading ahead
dormy dormie
skyward heavenward
upstair upstairs
downstair downstairs
utilised utilized
ill-used exploited
put-upon exploited
used exploited
victimized exploited
victimised exploited
utile useful
recyclable reclaimable
reusable reclaimable
usable useable
ineffectual futile
otiose futile
unavailing futile
unusable unserviceable
unuseable unserviceable
impractical airy
visionary airy
Laputan airy
windy airy
sound legal
effectual legal
logical legitimate
sound reasoned
well-grounded reasoned
uncollectible bad
unsound fallacious
nullified invalidated
void null
sophistical sophistic
priceless invaluable
good-for-naught good-for-nothing
meritless good-for-nothing
no-account good-for-nothing
no-count good-for-nothing
no-good good-for-nothing
sorry good-for-nothing
paltry negligible
trifling negligible
pointless otiose
purposeless otiose
senseless otiose
superfluous otiose
wasted otiose
trashy rubbishy
uncertain changeable
unsettled changeable
constant changeless
invariant changeless
unvarying changeless
strict hard-and-fast
multifaceted many-sided
miscellaneous many-sided
multifarious many-sided
varicoloured varicolored
variegated varicolored
variable varying
various versatile
unvarying unvaried
airy aired
close airless
stuffy airless
unaired airless
unoxygenated unaerated
spineless invertebrate
untouchable unassailable
fierce ferocious
furious ferocious
savage ferocious
raging hot
knock-down-and-drag-out knockdown-dragout
tough ruffianly
peaceful passive
innocent impeccant
sinless impeccant
vicious evil
heinous flagitious
sinful iniquitous
ungodly iniquitous
irredeemable irreclaimable
unredeemable irreclaimable
unreformable irreclaimable
villainous nefarious
peccant peccable
seeable visible
visual ocular
macroscopical macroscopic
gross megascopic
microscopical microscopic
panoptical panoptic
unseeable invisible
hidden concealed
out_of_sight concealed
live-bearing viviparous
vaporific evaporable
vapourific evaporable
vaporizable evaporable
vapourisable evaporable
volatilizable evaporable
volatilisable evaporable
nonvolatilizable nonvolatile
nonvolatilisable nonvolatile
wilful willful
unforced uncoerced
willing uncoerced
volunteer unpaid
nonvoluntary involuntary
unvoluntary involuntary
goaded driven
reflex automatic
reflexive automatic
undefendable assailable
undefended assailable
open assailable
defenceless defenseless
unsafe insecure
under_fire under_attack
air-tight airtight
shellproof bombproof
defensible defendable
inviolable impregnable
secure impregnable
strong impregnable
unassailable impregnable
unattackable impregnable
desired craved
wished-for longed-for
yearned-for longed-for
sought-after sought
discarded cast-off
throwaway cast-off
thrown-away cast-off
outcast friendless
casteless outcaste
unsought undesired
unwished unwelcome
unwished-for unwelcome
tepid lukewarm
homeothermic homoiothermic
homothermic homoiothermic
poikilothermous poikilothermic
heterothermic poikilothermic
ectothermic poikilothermic
drip-dry wash-and-wear
acceleratory accelerative
maximising maximizing
profit-maximising profit-maximizing
depreciative depreciating
depreciatory depreciating
tapering dwindling
tapering_off dwindling
diminuendo decrescendo
ritardando rallentando
ritenuto rallentando
rit. rallentando
symptomless asymptomatic
healed cured
recovered cured
sick ill
stricken afflicted
indisposed ailing
peaked ailing
poorly ailing
sickly ailing
unwell ailing
under_the_weather ailing
seedy ailing
air_sick airsick
carsick airsick
seasick airsick
bedridden bedfast
bedrid bedfast
sick-abed bedfast
liverish bilious
livery bilious
recovering convalescent
hallucinating delirious
giddy dizzy
woozy dizzy
vertiginous dizzy
light faint
swooning faint
light-headed faint
lightheaded faint
feverous feverish
stricken laid_low
nauseous nauseated
queasy nauseated
sick nauseated
sickish nauseated
paralyzed paralytic
rachitic rickety
tuberculous tubercular
dewy bedewed
marshy boggy
miry boggy
mucky boggy
muddy boggy
quaggy boggy
sloppy boggy
sloughy boggy
soggy boggy
squashy boggy
swampy boggy
waterlogged boggy
dank clammy
dampish damp
moist damp
soppy sodden
drizzly drippy
steamy muggy
sticky muggy
watery reeking
rainy showery
steamy steaming
baked adust
parched adust
scorched adust
sunbaked adust
waterless arid
bone_dry bone-dry
dried-out desiccated
sere dried-up
sear dried-up
shriveled dried-up
shrivelled dried-up
withered dried-up
lactating wet
hydrated hydrous
working-class wage-earning
alimental alimentary
nourishing alimentary
nutrient alimentary
nutritious alimentary
nutritive alimentary
salubrious healthy
good_for_you healthy
satisfying hearty
solid hearty
square hearty
substantial hearty
unhealthful insalubrious
unhealthy insalubrious
jejune insubstantial
nauseous nauseating
noisome nauseating
queasy nauseating
loathsome nauseating
offensive nauseating
sickening nauseating
vile nauseating
broad wide
panoramic bird's-eye
constrictive constricting
narrowing constricting
thin slender
tapering tapered
narrowing tapered
marginal bare
unmanageable unwieldy
bunglesome awkward
clumsy awkward
ungainly awkward
cumbrous cumbersome
periwigged peruked
fain disposed
inclined disposed
prepared disposed
happy glad
loth loath
reluctant loath
unwilled unintentional
alary alar
aliform alar
wing-shaped alar
alated alate
short-winged brachypterous
apteral apterous
omniscient all-knowing
sagacious perspicacious
sapient perspicacious
cockeyed absurd
derisory absurd
idiotic absurd
laughable absurd
ludicrous absurd
nonsensical absurd
preposterous absurd
ridiculous absurd
fatuous asinine
inane asinine
mindless asinine
vacuous asinine
cockamamy cockamamie
goofy cockamamie
sappy cockamamie
silly cockamamie
wacky cockamamie
whacky cockamamie
zany cockamamie
insane harebrained
mad harebrained
misguided ill-conceived
rattlepated rattlebrained
scatterbrained rattlebrained
scatty rattlebrained
arboreous arboraceous
woodsy arboraceous
woody arboraceous
brushy bosky
brambly braky
scrubby scrabbly
silvan sylvan
treeless unwooded
birchen birch
birken birch
squashy pulpy
secular worldly
temporal worldly
mercenary materialistic
worldly-minded materialistic
terrestrial mundane
eremitic anchoritic
eremitical anchoritic
hermitic anchoritic
hermitical anchoritic
cloistral cloistered
conventual cloistered
monastic cloistered
monastical cloistered
unearthly spiritual
decrepit creaky
derelict creaky
flea-bitten creaky
run-down creaky
woebegone creaky
eared dog-eared
scoured eroded
mangey mangy
mothy moth-eaten
worn-out raddled
ratty moth-eaten
shabby moth-eaten
tatty moth-eaten
seedy scruffy
shopsoiled shopworn
tatterdemalion tattered
worm-eaten vermiculate
wormy vermiculate
weatherworn weather-beaten
weathered weather-beaten
commendable applaudable
laudable applaudable
praiseworthy applaudable
worth deserving
model exemplary
meritable meritorious
notable noteworthy
precious valued
worthful valuable
unworthy undeserving
reentrant re-entrant
baptised baptized
unbaptised unbaptized
shell-less unshelled
nonflowering flowerless
vegetational vegetal
vegetative vegetal
abatic abasic
Abkhazian abkhaz
acapnial acapnic
acapnotic acapnic
acinous acinar
acinose acinar
acinic acinar
acrogenous acrogenic
actinometrical actinometric
actinomycetous actinomycetal
aculeated aculeate
adjudicatory adjudicative
annexal adnexal
sympathomimetic adrenergic
ASAT antisatellite
aeronautic aeronautical
medical aesculapian
affixial affixal
agrobiological agrobiologic
agrological agrologic
agronomical agronomic
alabastrine alabaster
albinotic albinal
albinic albinal
albinistic albinal
alchemical alchemic
alchemistical alchemistic
algometrical algometric
Algonkian algonquian
Algonquin algonquian
allelomorphic allelic
allotropical allotropic
alphabetical alphabetic
alphanumerical alphanumeric
alphameric alphanumeric
alphamerical alphanumeric
amoeboid ameboid
amenorrhoeic amenorrheic
amenorrheal amenorrheic
amenorrhoeal amenorrheic
aminic amino
ammoniacal ammoniac
amnesic amnestic
amnionic amniotic
amnic amniotic
amphitheatrical amphitheatric
ampullary ampullar
anaglyphical anaglyphic
anaglyptic anaglyphic
anaglyptical anaglyphic
anagogical anagogic
anagrammatical anagrammatic
stigmatic anastigmatic
androgenous androgenetic
anemometrical anemometric
anencephalous anencephalic
anestric anestrous
anoestrous anestrous
anginose anginal
anginous anginal
angiocarpous angiocarpic
animistic animist
anisogamous anisogamic
annelidan annelid
anodal anodic
anosmatic anosmic
antennary antennal
anthropical anthropic
anthropogenic anthropogenetic
anthropometrical anthropometric
antineoplastic anticancer
antitumor anticancer
antitumour anticancer
anticlimactical anticlimactic
antimonious antimonic
antiphonal antiphonary
antipodean antipodal
antitypical antitypic
batrachian anuran
salientian anuran
anuric anuretic
aortic aortal
apheretic aphaeretic
apnoeic apneic
apogametic apogamic
apogamous apogamic
apomictical apomictic
apoplectoid apoplectiform
apothegmatical apothegmatic
appositive appositional
arachnidian arachnoid
spidery arachnoid
spiderlike arachnoid
spiderly arachnoid
Aramaean aramean
araneidan araneidal
arbitrational arbitral
arboreal arborical
arborary arborical
arborous arborical
archeological archaeological
archaeologic archaeological
archeologic archaeological
archangelical archangelic
archegoniate archegonial
archepiscopal archiepiscopal
areolate areolar
araceous aroid
arthropodan arthropodal
arthropodous arthropodal
arthrosporous arthrosporic
articulary articular
articulative articulatory
artiodactylous artiodactyl
even-toed artiodactyl
ascetical ascetic
ascosporous ascosporic
stomatous stomatal
stomatous stomatal
astronautical astronautic
astronomical astronomic
atactic ataxic
auriculoventricular atrioventricular
aurorean auroral
auric aurous
autarchical autarchic
autarkical autarchic
auctorial authorial
autobiographic autobiographical
autobiographic autobiographical
autophytic autotrophic
axiomatical axiomatic
postulational axiomatic
aphoristic axiomatic
avellane avellan
avifaunistic avifaunal
axial axile
uremic azotemic
uraemic azotemic
berrylike baccate
bacillary bacillar
bacteriophagous bacteriophagic
bacteroid bacteroidal
bacterioidal bacteroidal
bacterioid bacteroidal
balsamy balsamic
barometrical barometric
basilary basilar
batholitic batholithic
bathymetrical bathymetric
behaviorist behavioristic
behaviouristic behavioristic
behaviourist behavioristic
benedictive benedictory
benthal benthic
benthonic benthic
biaxal biaxial
biaxate biaxial
bibliographical bibliographic
bibliothecarial bibliothecal
biliary bilious
bimetallic bimetallistic
biogeographical biogeographic
biologic biological
sociobiological sociobiologic
botanical botanic
botryoidal botryoid
boytrose botryoid
brachiopodous brachiopod
bracted bracteate
brahminical brahminic
branchiopodan branchiopod
branchiopodous branchiopod
brasslike brassy
wideband broadband
cacodaemonic cacodemonic
cadaveric cadaverous
chalky calcareous
calceiform calceolate
calendrical calendric
calycine calyceal
calycinal calyceal
calicular calycular
calycled calyculate
campanular campanulate
campanulated campanulate
laniary canine
capitulary capitular
carbonylic carbonyl
carboxylic carboxyl
cardiorespiratory cardiopulmonary
Carolean caroline
cartographical cartographic
carunculous caruncular
carunculated carunculate
katabolic catabolic
catachrestical catachrestic
catapultian catapultic
categoric categorical
catoptrical catoptric
caecal cecal
heavenly celestial
heavenly celestial
integumental integumentary
coenobitic cenobitic
cenobitical cenobitic
coenobitical cenobitic
eremitical eremitic
centralistic centralist
cephalopodan cephalopod
cetaceous cetacean
chaetognathous chaetognathan
chafflike chaffy
Chaldaean chaldean
Chaldee chaldean
papery chartaceous
paperlike chartaceous
chelated chelate
chelicerate cheliceral
chemic chemical
chemotherapeutical chemotherapeutic
chiasmic chiasmal
chiasmatic chiasmal
chimerical chimeric
chimeral chimeric
chlorophyllous chlorophyllose
greensick chlorotic
civic civil
cleistogamic cleistogamous
cloven-footed cloven-hoofed
collagenic collagenous
collegial collegiate
colorimetrical colorimetric
cosmological cosmologic
cosmological cosmologic
cosmogonic cosmologic
cosmogonical cosmologic
cosmogenic cosmologic
co-referent coreferential
cormose cormous
crustacean crustaceous
cryptographic cryptanalytic
cryptographical cryptanalytic
cryptologic cryptanalytic
cryptological cryptanalytic
cryptogamous cryptogamic
comb-like ctenoid
cuprous cupric
cytoarchitectonic cytoarchitectural
cytoplasmatic cytoplasmic
cytogenetical cytogenetic
cytologic cytological
czaristic czarist
tsarist czarist
tsaristic czarist
tzarist czarist
despotical despotic
diametric diametral
diametrical diametral
sudorific diaphoretic
dimorphous dimorphic
cacogenic dysgenic
Europocentric eurocentric
economical economic
cataphoretic electrophoretic
static electrostatic
empyreal empyrean
aeonian eonian
parasitic epenthetic
extradural epidural
pontifical episcopal
estuarial estuarine
exegetical exegetic
factor_analytic factor_analytical
ferrous ferric
feudalistic feudal
feverish febrile
fiberoptic fiber-optic
fibre-optic fiber-optic
fibreoptic fiber-optic
wide-angle fisheye
flakey flaky
sarcoid fleshy
foliated foliate
formalized formalistic
formalised formalistic
three-wheeled three-wheel
four-wheeled four-wheel
Galilaean galilean
stomachic gastric
stomachal gastric
genetical genetic
genetic genic
genetical genic
mental genial
geometrical geometric
geothermic geothermal
graphical graphic
gravitative gravitational
hair-shirted hair-shirt
Hassidic hasidic
Chasidic hasidic
Chassidic hasidic
heliac heliacal
haematopoietic hematopoietic
hemopoietic hematopoietic
haemopoietic hematopoietic
hematogenic hematopoietic
haematogenic hematopoietic
haemorrhagic hemorrhagic
homonymous homonymic
homostylic homostylous
homostyled homostylous
hex hexadecimal
hexagonal hexangular
hieroglyphical hieroglyphic
hieroglyphical hieroglyphic
humanistic humanist
humane humanist
humanist humanistic
humanistic humanist
hydrographical hydrographic
idealistic ideal
immunologic immunological
impressionistic impressionist
illative inferential
interlineal interlinear
nonpolar nonionic
ischaemic ischemic
juridical judicial
juridic judicial
juridic juridical
large-capitalisation large-capitalization
large-cap large-capitalization
sudsy lathery
lexicalised lexicalized
limacoid limacine
logographic logogrammatic
lucifugal lucifugous
sublunary sublunar
cislunar sublunar
translunary translunar
superlunar translunar
superlunary translunar
Mandean mandaean
Manichean manichaean
Manichee manichaean
prejudicious prejudicial
pre-Socratic presocratic
mercurous mercuric
myotic miotic
missional missionary
Monophysitic monophysite
mousey mousy
medullated myelinated
neotenous neotenic
numerical numeral
numeric numeral
olfactive olfactory
oligarchical oligarchic
single-humped one-humped
pachydermal pachydermatous
pachydermic pachydermatous
pachydermous pachydermatous
palaeontological paleontological
volar palmar
parheliacal parhelic
pecuniary monetary
phonologic phonological
photometrical photometric
planetary planetal
terrestrial planetary
plumbous plumbic
plutocratical plutocratic
polydactylous polydactyl
ceremonious pompous
positivistic positivist
positive positivist
pragmatical pragmatic
presymptomatic preclinical
prodromic prodromal
prostatic prostate
radiophonic radiotelephonic
refractile refractive
Rumansh romansh
romanticist romantic
romanticistic romantic
ropey ropy
aquacultural aquicultural
hydroponic aquicultural
sacculate sacculated
sarcolemnous sarcolemmic
sclerosed sclerotic
self-aggrandising self-aggrandizing
semiotical semiotic
sensory sensational
sepaline sepaloid
septate septal
silicious siliceous
societal social
spermatic spermous
splenetic splenic
lienal splenic
slivery splintery
stannous stannic
astral stellar
stenographical stenographic
sulphurous sulfurous
supraocular supraorbital
symbolical symbolic
syncretical syncretic
syncretistic syncretic
syncretistical syncretic
syncretical syncretic
syncretistic syncretic
syncretistical syncretic
synaesthetic synesthetic
proficient technical
technological technical
telluric tellurian
terrestrial tellurian
terrene tellurian
sinewy tendinous
thenar thenal
thermic thermal
caloric thermal
thermoelectrical thermoelectric
titulary titular
tonal tonic
topologic topological
totalistic totalitarian
double-humped two-humped
two-wheeled two-wheel
uniovulate uniovular
uveous uveal
vacuolated vacuolate
pneumogastric vagal
valetudinary valetudinarian
variolic variolar
variolous variolar
atheistic atheist
atheistical atheist
electrical electric
galvanic voltaic
photoelectrical photoelectric
isomorphic isomorphous
Linnean linnaean
atmospherical atmospheric
amphibian amphibious
fungous fungal
antifungal fungicidal
funguslike fungoid
vegetive vegetative
parasitical parasitic
cyanophyte cyanobacterial
pentagonal pentangular
octagonal octangular
neoclassicistic neoclassicist
expressionistic expressionist
postmodern postmodernist
residuary residual
bistred bistered
vulpecular vulpine
wolfish wolflike
vulval vulvar
clitoric clitoral
spacial spatial
sigmoidal sigmoid
bovid bovine
lingual linguistic
nuptial bridal
spousal bridal
Caucasic caucasian
craniometrical craniometric
conical conic
conelike conic
cone-shaped conic
ciliate ciliary
ciliate ciliary
cilial ciliary
counterterrorist counterterror
cyprinoid cyprinid
dietetic dietary
dietetical dietary
diluvial diluvian
antediluvial antediluvian
financial fiscal
fiducial fiduciary
epistemological epistemic
haemal hemal
hematal hemal
haematal hemal
haemic hemic
hematic hemic
haematic hemic
hemophilic haemophilic
chylous chylaceous
chylifactive chylific
chylifactory chylific
sanious ichorous
ictic ictal
pyrogenic igneous
pyrogenous igneous
matrimonial marital
married marital
sulfurized sulphuretted
sulfuretted sulphuretted
mastoidal mastoid
lacertilian saurian
vinaceous vinous
algebraical algebraic
scriptural biblical
polymorphous polymorphic
polymorphic polymorphous
polyphonous polyphonic
pericardiac pericardial
poetical poetic
phonic phonetic
philosophical philosophic
acronymous acronymic
apostolical apostolic
eudaemonic eudemonic
eucaryotic eukaryotic
procaryotic prokaryotic
thoracic pectoral
pathologic pathological
pictural pictorial
accusative objective
genitive possessive
nucleate nucleated
splanchnic visceral
mystical mystic
mystical mystic
carbonous carbonaceous
carbonic carbonaceous
carboniferous carbonaceous
millennian millennial
chiliastic millenarian
meteorological meteorologic
meteoric meteorologic
mesodermal mesoblastic
acoustical acoustic
audile auditory
auditive auditory
gustative gustatory
gustatorial gustatory
tactile haptic
tactual haptic
optic ocular
optical ocular
visual ocular
optic ocular
optical ocular
opthalmic ocular
subocular suborbital
kinaesthetic kinesthetic
angelical angelic
seraphical seraphic
connubial conjugal
communistic communist
Bolshevist bolshevik
Bolshevistic bolshevik
cutaneal cutaneous
dermal cutaneous
dermic dermal
epidermal cuticular
epidermic cuticular
dermal cuticular
ectodermic ectodermal
endermatic endermic
subcutaneous hypodermic
hypoglycaemic hypoglycemic
hypovolaemic hypovolemic
intradermic intradermal
intracutaneous intradermal
inframaxillary mandibular
lachrymal lacrimal
lachrymal lacrimal
lachrymatory lacrimatory
catamenial menstrual
apostolic papal
apostolical papal
pontifical papal
grammatic grammatical
syntactical syntactic
venereal genital
GU genitourinary
renal nephritic
monoatomic monatomic
copulatory coital
polyphase multiphase
maritime nautical
marine nautical
pelagic oceanic
endovenous intravenous
mechanically_skillful mechanical
protozoan protozoal
protozoic protozoal
foetal fetal
doctorial doctoral
paediatric pediatric
neuronal neural
neuronic neural
pastoral bucolic
mnemotechnic mnemonic
mnemotechnical mnemonic
documental documentary
anatomical anatomic
anatomical anatomic
architectonic tectonic
organisational organizational
ecclesiastic ecclesiastical
hieratic priestly
hieratical priestly
sacerdotal priestly
macrencephalous macrencephalic
macrocephalous macrocephalic
microcephalous microcephalic
nanocephalic microcephalic
computer_readable machine_readable
mucose mucous
mucoidal mucoid
neural nervous
geologic geological
psychogenic psychogenetic
ecologic ecological
bionomical ecological
bionomic ecological
ecologic ecological
thermodynamical thermodynamic
seismologic seismological
calligraphical calligraphic
lexicographical lexicographic
typographical typographic
necromantical necromantic
spiritualist spiritualistic
supernaturalistic supernaturalist
pharmacologic pharmacological
toxicologic toxicological
psychiatrical psychiatric
oncologic oncological
psychoanalytic psychoanalytical
therapeutical therapeutic
neuroanatomical neuroanatomic
bacteriologic bacteriological
endocrinal endocrine
periodontal periodontic
dermatological dermatologic
gerontological geriatric
gynaecological gynecological
gynecologic gynecological
haematological hematologic
hematological hematologic
obstetrical obstetric
neurologic neurological
spectroscopical spectroscopic
microscopical microscopic
insurrectionary insurrectional
conspirative conspiratorial
pietistical pietistic
fascistic fascist
Romanic roman
R.C. roman
Romanist roman
romish roman
Roman_Catholic roman
popish roman
papist roman
papistic roman
papistical roman
Judaic jewish
Judaical judaic
Moslem muslim
Islamic muslim
Hindi hindu
Hindoo hindu
Buddhistic buddhist
Shintoist shinto
Shintoistic shinto
Jainist jain
Tantrik tantric
Amerind indian
Amerindic indian
Native_American indian
subtropic subtropical
semitropical subtropical
semitropic subtropical
rabbinic rabbinical
theistical theist
theistic theist
deistic deist
pantheistic pantheist
measured mensural
mensurable mensural
dizygous dizygotic
lobated lobate
pulmonary pneumonic
pulmonic pneumonic
enteric intestinal
enteral intestinal
adjective adjectival
anapaestic anapestic
revolutionary rotatory
epicyclical epicyclic
expiative expiatory
propitiatory expiatory
etiologic etiological
aetiological etiological
aetiologic etiological
etiologic etiological
aetiological etiological
aetiologic etiological
behavioural behavioral
phenotypic phenotypical
genotypic genotypical
phyletic phylogenetic
trabeculate trabecular
transdermic transdermal
percutaneous transdermal
transcutaneous transdermal
pedagogic pedagogical
Manichaean dualistic
morphological morphologic
structural morphologic
geomorphological geomorphologic
morphologic geomorphologic
morphological geomorphologic
structural geomorphologic
morphological morphologic
strategical strategic
circulatory circulative
euphonical euphonic
metamorphous metamorphic
universalist universalistic
Calvinistic calvinist
Calvinistical calvinist
fundamentalistic fundamentalist
Jewish-Orthodox orthodox
Eastern_Orthodox orthodox
Russian_Orthodox orthodox
Greek_Orthodox orthodox
Congregationalist congregational
Episcopalian episcopal
Wesleyan methodist
Gaelic celtic
Germanic teutonic
Gallic french
Lusitanian portuguese
Norse norwegian
Norse scandinavian
Magyar hungarian
Czechoslovakian czech
Yugoslav yugoslavian
Rumanian romanian
Roumanian romanian
Nipponese japanese
Argentinian argentine
Asiatic asian
Kampuchean cambodian
Salvadorean salvadoran
Tyrolese tyrolean
Nepali nepalese
Genovese genoese
operculated operculate
GI gastrointestinal
gastronomical gastronomic
epidemiological epidemiologic
quantized quantal
Monegasque monacan
nasal rhinal
perirhinal perinasal
auricular otic
rheological rheologic
meteoritical meteoritic
cometic cometary
thyroidal thyroid
catechetic catechetical
catechetic catechistic
volumetrical volumetric
yogic yogistic
logistical logistic
organismic organismal
artefactual artifactual
serological serologic
chromatographical chromatographic
nativistic nativist
nativistic nativist
congenerical congeneric
congenerous congeneric
mediaeval medieval
epiphysial epiphyseal
diaphysial diaphyseal
esthetic aesthetic
futurist futuristic
geodesic geodetic
geodesical geodetic
heraldist heraldic
locomotor locomotive
marmoreal marmorean
mesic mesonic
metrical metric
palatine palatal
parabolical parabolic
semicentenary semicentennial
centenary centennial
bicentenary bicentennial
tricentennial tricentenary
Nazi national_socialist
capitalistic capitalist
zymolytic zymotic
holographical holographic
canonical canonic
canonical canonic
nutritionary nutritional
gravimetric hydrometric
thermogravimetric thermohydrometric
Afghan afghani
Afghanistani afghani
idiomatical idiomatic
waxy waxen
iodized iodinated
iodised iodinated
dramaturgical dramaturgic
aneurismal aneurysmal
aneurysmatic aneurysmal
aneurismatic aneurysmal
philatelical philatelic
haemolytic hemolytic
atheromatic atheromatous
celiac coeliac
pycnotic pyknotic
papillose papillary
hypophysial hypophyseal
microbic microbial
flagellated flagellate
whiplike flagellate
lash-like flagellate
epical epic
Hellenistic hellenic
Hellenistical hellenic
Pan-Hellenic panhellenic
Grecian greek
Hellenic greek
topographic topographical
taxonomical taxonomic
systematic taxonomic
mithraistic mithraic
patristical patristic
cubistic cubist
geographical geographic
fruticose shrubby
fruticulose shrubby
propagandistic propagandist
isolationistic isolationist
dialectical dialectic
Eurasiatic eurasian
Maroc moroccan
Scottish scots
Scotch scots
soapy saponaceous
umbellar umbellate
Shakespearean shakespearian
Aristotelean aristotelian
Aristotelic aristotelian
peripatetic aristotelian
Caesarean caesarian
cesarian cesarean
caesarean cesarean
caesarian cesarean
Coleridgean coleridgian
Dantesque dantean
Donnian donnean
Dostoyevskian dostoevskian
Goethian goethean
Huxleian huxleyan
Leibnitzian leibnizian
Lincolnian lincolnesque
Mohammedan muhammadan
Mozartean mozartian
eponymic eponymous
Stravinskian stravinskyan
Voltarean voltarian
Hebraical hebraic
Hebrew hebraic
Hebraical hebraic
Hebrew hebraic
aldermanly aldermanic
word-blind alexic
amebic amoebic
amoeban amoebic
ameban amoebic
amoebous amoebic
amebous amoebic
anaemic anemic
anesthetic anaesthetic
Afrikaner afrikaans
premarital prenuptial
antenuptial prenuptial
antisemitic anti-semitic
appellant appellate
arithmetic arithmetical
East_Pakistani bangladeshi
biographical biographic
bitumenoid bituminoid
divalent bivalent
bladderlike bladdery
blastematic blastemal
blastemic blastemal
blastodermic blastodermatic
blastoporic blastoporal
blastular blastospheric
boracic boric
Burundian burundi
casuistical casuistic
casuistical casuistic
climatical climatic
commemorating commemorative
wrinkleproof creaseproof
crease-resistant creaseproof
wrinkle-resistant creaseproof
credal creedal
cyclonal cyclonic
cyclonical cyclonic
cyclonal cyclonic
cyclonical cyclonic
Cypriote cyprian
Cypriot cyprian
Delphian delphic
demagogical demagogic
empirical empiric
enteral enteric
entomologic entomological
endozoan entozoan
ectozoan epizoan
ethnographical ethnographic
ethnologic ethnological
euclidean euclidian
fatalistic fatalist
fecal faecal
Philippine filipino
genealogical genealogic
Ghanese ghanaian
Ghanian ghanaian
gonadotrophic gonadotropic
Latino hispanic
histologic histological
hip-length hiplength
homiletical homiletic
homiletical homiletic
imperialist imperialistic
Indo-Aryan indo-european
Aryan indo-european
Indo-Germanic indo-european
Persian iranian
Iraki iraqi
Jacobinical jacobinic
Javan javanese
Jesuitic jesuitical
Jesuit jesuitical
Latin romance
Malayan malay
Malayan malaysian
Mauritian mauritanian
metallurgic metallurgical
Mongolian mongol
Moresque moorish
Neanderthalian neanderthal
Neandertal neanderthal
nebulous nebular
palaeolithic paleolithic
Nicene nicaean
Nigerien nigerian
nitrogen-bearing nitrogenous
nitric azotic
nitrous azotic
Olympic olympian
declarative indicative
orthopaedic orthopedic
orthopedical orthopedic
paralytical paralytic
penial penile
pharmaceutic pharmaceutical
phosphoric phosphorous
piscatory piscatorial
multinomial polynomial
praetorial praetorian
pretorian praetorian
pretorial praetorian
Punic carthaginian
purging purgatorial
purifying purgatorial
pyaemic pyemic
pyroelectrical pyroelectric
pyrogenous pyrogenic
pyrogenetic pyrogenic
pyrolignic pyroligneous
pyrotechnical pyrotechnic
Katari qatari
quadriphonic quadraphonic
quadrasonic quadraphonic
quadrisonic quadraphonic
quincentenary quincentennial
Kechuan quechuan
recessive recessionary
redemptional redemptive
redemptory redemptive
antiphonal responsive
rhomboidal rhomboid
Romani romany
Ruandan rwandan
sabbatic sabbatical
satyrical satyric
Saudi saudi-arabian
saxatile saxicolous
saxicoline saxicolous
schismatical schismatic
schizophrenic schizoid
Semitic semite
Tai thai
Siamese thai
Tai thai
Siamese thai
Tai thai
Siamese thai
Sinhalese singhalese
Singhalese sinhala
Sinhalese sinhala
Ceylonese sri_lankan
Slavic slavonic
small-capitalisation small-capitalization
small-cap small-capitalization
Somali somalian
sulfuric sulphuric
Chinese taiwanese
Formosan taiwanese
voyeuristical voyeuristic
Cambrian welsh
whole-wheat wheaten
wholemeal wheaten
woollen woolen
Zairese zairean
zonary zonal
philhellene philhellenic
Graecophile philhellenic
Graecophilic philhellenic
alar axillary
rupicolous rupestral
shallow-draught shallow-draft
shamanistic shamanist
servo servomechanical
onomatopoetic onomatopoeic
osteal osseous
bony osseous
ossiculate ossicular
absolutistic absolutist
acculturative acculturational
streptococcic streptococcal
strep streptococcal
undulant undulatory
viscosimetric viscometric
virucidal viricidal
cuneal wedge-shaped
cuneiform wedge-shaped
yeastlike yeasty
graduated calibrated
gathered collected
ungathered uncollected
handheld hand-held
hypophysectomised hypophysectomized
mercerised mercerized
oxidised oxidized
pasteurised pasteurized
unpasteurised unpasteurized
pencilled penciled
carinate ridged
carinated ridged
keeled ridged
sanitised sanitized
sublimated sublimed
tittering thoriated
ahorse horseback
ahorseback horseback
hardly barely
just barely
scarcely barely
scarce barely
scarcely hardly
fundamentally basically
essentially basically
simply merely
just merely
only merely
simply plainly
immensely vastly
mostly largely
for_the_most_part largely
modishly smartly
sprucely smartly
about approximately
close_to approximately
just_about approximately
some approximately
roughly approximately
more_or_less approximately
around approximately
or_so approximately
partly partially
part partially
entirely wholly
completely wholly
totally wholly
all wholly
altogether wholly
whole wholly
exclusively entirely
solely entirely
alone entirely
only entirely
perfectly absolutely
utterly absolutely
dead absolutely
plumb clean
plum clean
plum plumb
amiss imperfectly
to_the_full fully
full fully
badly ill
poorly ill
badly ill
comfortably well
advantageously well
disadvantageously badly
considerably well
substantially well
intimately well
O.K. okay
all_right okay
alright okay
severely badly
gravely badly
seriously badly
bad badly
bad badly
mischievously badly
naughtily badly
yet even
still even
just_as even_as
kind_of rather
kinda rather
sort_of rather
rather quite
quite_a quite
quite_an quite
ever always
e'er always
always constantly
forever constantly
perpetually constantly
incessantly constantly
invariably constantly
always constantly
ne'er never
on_occasion occasionally
once_in_a_while occasionally
now_and_then occasionally
now_and_again occasionally
at_times occasionally
from_time_to_time occasionally
every_bit equally
long_since long_ago
lang_syne long_ago
practically much
damn bloody
all-fired bloody
anyplace anywhere
someplace somewhere
everyplace everywhere
all_over everywhere
someway somehow
someways somehow
in_some_way somehow
in_some_manner somehow
anyway anyhow
anyways anyhow
in_any_case anyhow
at_any_rate anyhow
in_any_event anyhow
anyway anyhow
nevertheless however
withal however
still however
yet however
all_the_same however
even_so however
nonetheless however
notwithstanding however
thus_far so_far
up_to_now so_far
hitherto so_far
heretofore so_far
as_yet so_far
yet so_far
til_now so_far
until_now so_far
yet so_far
in_any_case besides
moreover furthermore
what_is_more furthermore
further farther
farther further
furthest farthest
farthest furthest
no_more no_longer
any_longer anymore
really very
real very
rattling very
fantastically fabulously
incredibly fabulously
mightily mighty
powerful mighty
right mighty
henceforward henceforth
just_now just
outright instantaneously
instantly instantaneously
in_a_flash instantaneously
a_little a_bit
a_trifle a_bit
shortly soon
presently soon
before_long soon
momently momentarily
earliest soonest
turbulently stormily
passionately stormily
often frequently
oftentimes frequently
oft frequently
ofttimes frequently
seldom rarely
oddly curiously
peculiarly curiously
moderately reasonably
pretty reasonably
jolly reasonably
somewhat reasonably
fairly reasonably
middling reasonably
passably reasonably
immoderately unreasonably
somewhat slightly
more_or_less slightly
per_se intrinsically
as_such intrinsically
in_and_of_itself intrinsically
unquestionably decidedly
emphatically decidedly
definitely decidedly
in_spades decidedly
by_all_odds decidedly
genuinely truly
really truly
really in_truth
truly in_truth
of_course naturally
course naturally
evidently obviously
manifestly obviously
patently obviously
apparently obviously
plainly obviously
plain obviously
seemingly apparently
ostensibly apparently
on_the_face_of_it apparently
once_again again
once_more again
over_again again
accidentally by_chance
circumstantially by_chance
unexpectedly by_chance
out_of_the_blue unexpectedly
in_someone's_way in_the_way
in_general generally
in_the_main generally
fortuitously fortunately
luckily fortunately
as_luck_would_have_it fortunately
unhappily sadly
unluckily unfortunately
regrettably unfortunately
alas unfortunately
hence therefore
thence therefore
thus therefore
therefrom thence
therefrom thence
thereof thence
person-to-person one-on-one
opposite face-to-face
to_boot additionally
exceedingly extremely
super extremely
passing extremely
insanely madly
deadly madly
deucedly madly
devilishly madly
extraordinarily inordinately
far_and_away by_far
out_and_away by_far
overly excessively
to_a_fault excessively
too excessively
too besides
also besides
likewise besides
as_well besides
in_time yet
finally ultimately
in_the_end ultimately
at_last ultimately
at_long_last ultimately
eventually finally
currently presently
now nowadays
today nowadays
instantly immediately
straightaway immediately
straight_off immediately
directly immediately
now immediately
right_away immediately
at_once immediately
forthwith immediately
like_a_shot immediately
at_present now
sharply aggressively
piercingly shrilly
merrily happily
mirthfully happily
gayly happily
blithely happily
jubilantly happily
no_more no
firmly firm
steadfastly firm
unwaveringly firm
foursquare squarely
straightforwardly squarely
square squarely
square squarely
forthrightly squarely
forthright squarely
straight directly
direct directly
square squarely
diversely variously
multifariously variously
tirelessly indefatigably
inexhaustibly indefatigably
fine very_well
alright very_well
all_right very_well
OK very_well
alright all_right
fleetly swiftly
presumptively presumably
for_the_time_being for_the_moment
awfully terribly
awful terribly
frightfully terribly
atrociously terribly
awfully terribly
abominably terribly
abysmally terribly
rottenly terribly
tolerably acceptably
so-so acceptably
intolerably unacceptably
awfully dreadfully
horribly dreadfully
in_the_least at_all
the_least_bit at_all
not_by_a_long_sight by_no_means
not_by_a_blame_sight by_no_means
exhaustively thoroughly
soundly thoroughly
good thoroughly
through_and_through through
flop right
flat directly
straight directly
lots a_lot
a_good_deal a_lot
a_great_deal a_lot
much a_lot
very_much a_lot
a_great_deal much
often much
progressively increasingly
more_and_more increasingly
in_effect effectively
to_all_intents_and_purposes for_all_practical_purposes
for_all_intents_and_purposes for_all_practical_purposes
antecedently previously
before earlier
later subsequently
afterwards subsequently
afterward subsequently
after subsequently
later_on subsequently
suddenly abruptly
short abruptly
dead abruptly
all_of_a_sudden suddenly
of_a_sudden suddenly
deliberately intentionally
designedly intentionally
on_purpose intentionally
purposely intentionally
advisedly intentionally
by_choice intentionally
by_design intentionally
accidentally unintentionally
accordingly consequently
instead alternatively
or_else alternatively
not_to_mention let_alone
all_told altogether
in_all altogether
duly punctually
meantime meanwhile
in_the_meantime meanwhile
at_length lengthily
lastly last
in_conclusion last
finally last
last_not_least last_but_not_least
abstractedly absently
inattentively absently
absentmindedly absently
poignantly affectingly
touchingly affectingly
in_front ahead
before ahead
in_advance ahead
beforehand ahead
onward ahead
onwards ahead
forward ahead
forwards ahead
forrader ahead
out_front ahead
in_the_lead ahead
right_along all_along
likewise alike
out_loud aloud
loud loudly
aloud loudly
quietly softly
indiscriminately randomly
haphazardly randomly
willy-nilly randomly
arbitrarily randomly
at_random randomly
every_which_way randomly
desperately urgently
barely scantily
principally chiefly
primarily chiefly
mainly chiefly
in_the_main chiefly
backward back
backward back
backwards back
rearward back
rearwards back
forwards forward
frontward forward
frontwards forward
forrad forward
forrard forward
forward ahead
backwards backward
backward_and_forward back_and_forth
to_and_fro back_and_forth
brightly brilliantly
bright brilliantly
dear dearly
affectionately dearly
dear dearly
in_a_heartfelt_way dearly
doubtless undoubtedly
doubtlessly undoubtedly
this_evening tonight
this_night tonight
supra above
at_a_lower_place below
to_a_lower_place below
beneath below
higher_up above
in_a_higher_place above
to_a_higher_place above
into_the_bargain in_the_bargain
disdainfully contemptuously
scornfully contemptuously
contumeliously contemptuously
crazily insanely
dementedly insanely
madly insanely
weekly hebdomadally
every_week hebdomadally
each_week hebdomadally
yearly annually
every_year annually
each_year annually
inquisitively curiously
interrogatively curiously
deceivingly deceptively
misleadingly deceptively
yon yonder
giddily dizzily
light-headedly dizzily
double doubly
twice doubly
in_two_ways doubly
through_empirical_observation empirically
by_trial_and_error empirically
peculiarly particularly
especially particularly
specially particularly
intricately elaborately
in_an_elaborate_way elaborately
by_experimentation experimentally
through_an_experiment experimentally
jokingly facetiously
tongue-in-cheek facetiously
rapidly quickly
speedily quickly
chop-chop quickly
apace quickly
like_blue_murder flat_out
tight fast
faster quicker
fastest quickest
allowably permissibly
categorically flatly
unconditionally flatly
eternally everlastingly
forever everlastingly
evermore everlastingly
for_good permanently
ad_libitum ad_lib
spontaneously ad_lib
impromptu ad_lib
forever_and_a_day forever
extremely highly
hazardously perilously
dangerously perilously
wearily tiredly
severely hard
firmly hard
momently momentarily
once_and_for_all conclusively
lamentably deplorably
sadly deplorably
woefully deplorably
divertingly amusingly
down_the_stairs downstairs
on_a_lower_floor downstairs
below downstairs
up_the_stairs upstairs
on_a_higher_floor upstairs
against_the_wind upwind
into_the_wind upwind
downwind windward
upwind leeward
downwards down
downward down
downwardly down
upwards up
upward up
upwardly up
upwards up
upward up
upstream upriver
downstream downriver
homewards homeward
instead rather
in_so_far insofar
so_far insofar
to_that_extent insofar
to_that_degree insofar
to_a_greater_extent more
to_a_lesser_extent less
ahead_of_time early
too_soon early
belatedly late
tardily late
betimes early
early early_on
right_smart way
far_and_near far_and_wide
fine finely
delicately finely
exquisitely finely
firstly first
foremost first
first_of_all first
first_off first
secondly second
thirdly third
end-to-end throughout
ab_initio initially
at_first_glance at_first_sight
when_first_seen at_first_blush
for_the_first_time first
and_so_on and_so_forth
etcetera and_so_forth
forward forth
onward forth
at_bottom at_heart
deep_down at_heart
inside at_heart
in_spite_of_appearance at_heart
in_a_broad_way at_large
at_the_least at_least
at_the_most at_most
leastways at_least
leastwise at_least
at_any_rate at_least
leisurely at_leisure
readily promptly
pronto promptly
right_away promptly
quickly promptly
quick promptly
at_the_best at_best
at_the_worst at_worst
frenetically demoniacally
on_the_sly furtively
nem_con unanimously
nemine_contradicente unanimously
fair fairly
evenhandedly fairly
usually normally
unremarkably normally
commonly normally
ordinarily normally
remarkably unusually
outstandingly unusually
unco unusually
late recently
lately recently
of_late recently
latterly recently
unpredictably erratically
bit_by_bit gradually
step_by_step gradually
hereabouts hereabout
hither here
at_that_place there
in_that_location there
thither there
in_that_respect there
on_that_point there
meekly humbly
indoors inside
outdoors outside
out_of_doors outside
alfresco outside
within inside
to_the_highest_degree most
to_the_lowest_degree least
wordlessly mutely
silently mutely
taciturnly mutely
necessarily inevitably
of_necessity inevitably
needs inevitably
freshly newly
fresh newly
new newly
anew afresh
otherwise differently
other_than differently
automatically mechanically
distressingly painfully
sooner preferably
rather preferably
unitedly together
together in_concert
collectively jointly
conjointly jointly
together_with jointly
atrociously outrageously
and_so then
and_then then
irrespective regardless
disregardless regardless
no_matter regardless
disregarding regardless
one_time once
in_one_case once
formerly once
at_one_time once
erstwhile once
erst once
as_much_as_possible as_far_as_possible
one_one's_coattails on_the_coattails
then_again on_the_other_hand
but_then on_the_other_hand
on_one_hand on_the_one_hand
at_the_same_time simultaneously
at_the_same_time concurrently
consistently systematically
thusly thus
so thus
in_apposition appositively
like_kings royally
like_royalty royally
untypically atypically
non-verbally nonverbally
as_if_by_magic magically
lingually linguistically
in_fiscal_matters fiscally
in_person personally
hellishly infernally
topically locally
transversally transversely
severally respectively
likewise similarly
in_the_first_place primarily
likely probably
in_all_likelihood probably
in_all_probability probably
belike probably
suitably appropriately
fittingly appropriately
befittingly appropriately
fitly appropriately
unsuitably inappropriately
thousand_times thousand-fold
unnaturally artificially
by_artificial_means artificially
inveterate chronically
for_a_while awhile
evilly wickedly
certainly surely
sure surely
for_sure surely
for_certain surely
sure_enough surely
sure_as_shooting surely
plenty enough
hesitatingly hesitantly
thenceforth thereafter
of_all_time ever
hands_down handily
easy easily
beyond_control out_of_hand
in_point_of_fact in_fact
as_a_matter_of_fact in_fact
in_reality actually
really actually
without_doubt to_be_sure
no_doubt to_be_sure
right_on right
even_a_little in_the_least
most_importantly above_all
most_especially above_all
against_time against_the_clock
on_the_whole all_in_all
altogether all_in_all
tout_ensemble all_in_all
all_at_once all_of_a_sudden
the_whole_way all_the_way
you_bet and_how
you_said_it and_how
for_24_hours around_the_clock
round_the_clock around_the_clock
so_to_speak as_it_were
so_to_speak as_we_say
at_any_cost at_all_costs
at_any_expense at_all_costs
at_once at_a_time
at_one_time at_a_time
heedfully mindfully
advertently mindfully
supposedly purportedly
illicitly illegally
lawlessly illegally
later by_and_by
generally by_and_large
more_often_than_not by_and_large
mostly by_and_large
by_any_means by_hook_or_by_crook
by_memory by_heart
little_by_little by_inches
by_small_degrees by_inches
by_the_bye by_the_way
incidentally by_the_way
apropos by_the_way
one_by_one by_the_piece
by_word_of_mouth orally
no_matter_what_happens come_hell_or_high_water
whatever_may_come come_hell_or_high_water
all_the_time day_in_and_day_out
en_bloc en_masse
as_a_group en_masse
every_now_and_then every_so_often
unaccompanied alone
above_all first_and_last
exactly precisely
just precisely
for_a_bargain_price for_a_song
at_a_low_price for_a_song
for_instance for_example
e.g. for_example
for_anything for_love_or_money
for_any_price for_love_or_money
for_all_the_world for_love_or_money
on_request for_the_asking
sincerely_yours sincerely
since_a_long_time_ago from_way_back
intimately closely
nearly closely
comparatively relatively
preponderantly predominantly
slow slowly
easy slowly
tardily slowly
publically publicly
in_public publicly
in_private privately
in_camera privately
reproachfully reprovingly
hand_and_glove hand_in_glove
cooperatively hand_in_glove
every_which_way helter-skelter
heels_over_head head_over_heels
topsy-turvy head_over_heels
topsy-turvily head_over_heels
in_great_confusion head_over_heels
pell-mell harum-scarum
heedlessly carelessly
body_and_soul heart_and_soul
just_in_case in_case
in_cold_blood coldly
earnestly seriously
in_earnest seriously
in_due_season in_due_course
in_good_time in_due_course
in_due_time in_due_course
when_the_time_comes in_due_course
in_full_action in_full_swing
in_a_similar_way in_kind
in_name_only in_name
very_fast in_no_time
en_passant in_passing
in_secret secretly
on_the_Q.T. secretly
on_the_QT secretly
in_everyone's_thoughts in_the_air
earlier in_the_first_place
in_the_beginning in_the_first_place
to_begin_with in_the_first_place
originally in_the_first_place
in_the_end in_the_long_run
just_in_time in_the_nick_of_time
soon_enough in_time
in_vain vainly
lickety_cut lickety_split
like_mad like_hell
like_crazy like_hell
like_sin like_hell
like_thunder like_hell
like_the_devil like_hell
on_and_off off_and_on
on_average on_the_average
to_the_contrary contrarily
contrariwise contrarily
on_the_contrary contrarily
suddenly on_the_spur_of_the_moment
en_route on_the_way
out_of_nothing out_of_thin_air
from_nowhere out_of_thin_air
outside_marriage out_of_wedlock
to_the_letter to_a_t
just_right to_a_t
to_perfection to_a_t
to_date up_to_now
to_the_limit to_the_hilt
courageously bravely
deeply profoundly
falteringly unsteadily
uncertainly unsteadily
steady steadily
doltishly stupidly
unambiguously uniquely
unsymmetrically asymmetrically
reciprocally inversely
to_a_great_extent heavily
intemperately heavily
again_and_again over_and_over
over_and_over_again over_and_over
time_and_again over_and_over
time_and_time_again over_and_over
the_other_way_around vice_versa
contrariwise vice_versa
daily day_by_day
day_after_day day_in_day_out
sacredly religiously
conscientiously scrupulously
religiously scrupulously
fully amply
purely strictly
put_differently in_other_words
slackly loosely
softly lightly
gently lightly
in_turn successively
aside apart
asunder apart
as_required as_needed
pro_re_nata as_needed
PRN as_needed
abroad overseas
smartly vigorously
clearly distinctly
magnificently excellently
splendidly excellently
famously excellently
uproariously hilariously
wondrous wonderfully
wondrously wonderfully
superbly wonderfully
toppingly wonderfully
marvellously wonderfully
terrifically wonderfully
marvelously wonderfully
satisfyingly gratifyingly
soberly gravely
staidly gravely
admittedly true
avowedly true
confessedly true
aptly competently
ably competently
capably competently
displaying_incompetence incompetently
uneasily anxiously
apprehensively anxiously
stiff stiffly
officially formally
cosily cozily
smartly cleverly
richly lavishly
extravagantly lavishly
viz. namely
that_is_to_say namely
to_wit namely
videlicet namely
very_much_like much_as
exaggeratedly hyperbolically
nimbly agilely
empathetically sympathetically
gracefully graciously
ungracefully ungraciously
gracelessly ungraciously
woodenly ungraciously
stiffly rigidly
bolt rigidly
on_a_regular_basis regularly
on_an_irregular_basis irregularly
erroneously mistakenly
invitingly tantalizingly
decently properly
decent properly
in_good_order properly
right properly
the_right_way properly
tremendously enormously
hugely enormously
staggeringly enormously
munificently liberally
generously liberally
conveniently handily
kinaesthetically kinesthetically
haptically tactually
contumaciously rebelliously
defiantly rebelliously
pig-headedly stubbornly
obdurately stubbornly
mulishly stubbornly
obstinately stubbornly
cussedly stubbornly
dauntlessly fearlessly
intrepidly fearlessly
gratefully thankfully
thirstily eagerly
brutally viciously
savagely viciously
sagely wisely
unwisely foolishly
inanely fatuously
clearly intelligibly
understandably intelligibly
ununderstandably unintelligibly
right correctly
aright correctly
wrongly incorrectly
wrong incorrectly
right justly
justly rightly
justifiedly rightly
in_darkness darkly
hastily hurriedly
in_haste hurriedly
separately individually
singly individually
severally individually
one_by_one individually
on_an_individual_basis individually
to_both_ears binaurally
in_both_ears binaurally
to_one_ear monaurally
in_one_ear monaurally
conspicuously prominently
ineluctably inescapably
inevitably inescapably
unavoidably inescapably
impotently helplessly
unable_to_help helplessly
confusingly bewilderingly
shamelessly unashamedly
barefacedly unashamedly
stunningly spectacularly
swimmingly smoothly
demeaningly humiliatingly
crisply sharply
indistinctly dimly
murkily dimly
unfalteringly determinedly
unshakably determinedly
accidentally incidentally
ever_so ever
periodically sporadically
surprisingly amazingly
astonishingly amazingly
imposingly impressively
fruitfully productively
profitably productively
fruitlessly unproductively
unprofitably unproductively
like_an_expert expertly
copiously abundantly
profusely abundantly
extravagantly abundantly
tediously boringly
tiresomely boringly
sensibly sanely
reasonably sanely
step_by_step stepwise
irritably testily
petulantly testily
pettishly testily
unthinkingly thoughtlessly
unthinking thoughtlessly
propitiously auspiciously
unpropitiously inauspiciously
unrelentingly relentlessly
contritely ruefully
remorsefully ruefully
courteously politely
discourteously impolitely
rudely impolitely
laudably admirably
praiseworthily admirably
commendable admirably
agreeably pleasantly
enjoyably pleasantly
cheerily pleasantly
sunnily pleasantly
cordially heartily
warmly heartily
amiably affably
genially affably
equivocally ambiguously
unequivocally unambiguously
ritually ceremonially
ceremonially ceremoniously
raffishly rakishly
carelessly rakishly
boisterously rollickingly
loosely broadly
broadly_speaking broadly
generally broadly
behindhand behind
in_arrears behind
truly rightfully
in_his_own_right in_one's_own_right
in_her_own_right in_one's_own_right
in_its_own_right in_one's_own_right
dependably faithfully
reliably faithfully
undependably unfaithfully
unreliably unfaithfully
firmly securely
endlessly infinitely
immeasurably boundlessly
infinitely boundlessly
strictly rigorously
vauntingly boastfully
big boastfully
large boastfully
strictly_speaking properly_speaking
to_be_precise properly_speaking
exultingly exultantly
fecklessly ineptly
pleasurably deliciously
timidly shyly
bashfully shyly
lovingly fondly
quiet quietly
inside inwardly
externally outwardly
favourably favorably
unfavourably unfavorably
cleanly flawlessly
dryly laconically
drily laconically
accommodatingly obligingly
mistily vaguely
forth away
away aside
away aside
apart aside
aside away
away off
tenaciously doggedly
expeditiously efficiently
unharmoniously discordantly
in_good_spirits in_stride
engagingly winsomely
buxomly curvaceously
knowingly wittingly
inadvertently unwittingly
unknowingly unwittingly
compassionately pityingly
slickly glibly
unfeelingly callously
inexcusably unjustifiably
overpoweringly overwhelmingly
irresistibly overwhelmingly
to_each_one each
for_each_one each
from_each_one each
apiece each
in_the_adjacent_house next_door
in_the_adjacent_apartment next_door
in_chorus in_unison
in_this therein
in_that therein
crookedly lopsidedly
severely sternly
magisterially authoritatively
attractively beautifully
sullenly dourly
glumly dourly
hostilely belligerently
nonchalantly casually
obsessively compulsively
obsessionally compulsively
to_the_south south
in_the_south south
northerly north
northwards north
northward north
on_the_side unofficially
fiercely ferociously
simply just
in_writing on_paper
contrarily perversely
contrariwise perversely
particularly peculiarly
in_particular particularly
on_base aboard
on_board aboard
alongside aboard
only_too all_too
p.a. per_annum
per_year per_annum
each_year per_annum
annually per_annum
by_the_day per_diem
'tween between
ad_valorem ad_val
from_head_to_toe cap-a-pie
lawfully legally
de_jure legally
out_of_sight doggo
in_hiding doggo
by_right_of_office ex_officio
part-time half-time
one-sidedly unilaterally
chock-a-block chock
cash_on_delivery c
anticlockwise counterclockwise
first foremost
biweekly fortnightly
biweekly semiweekly
bimonthly semimonthly
biyearly semiannually
midway halfway
herewith hereby
topsy-turvy higgledy-piggledy
ibidem ibid
in_place in_situ
at_an_equal_rate pari_passu
throughout passim
pro_tempore pro_tem
in_a_low_voice sotto_voce
in_tandem tandem
word_for_word verbatim
viva_voce by_word_of_mouth
for_free gratis
free_of_charge gratis
infra below
inwards inward
outwards outward
knee-high knee-deep
breast-high breast-deep
earlier sooner
in_the_midst midmost
ex_tempore off-hand
as_a_formality perfunctorily
pro_forma perfunctorily
pro_rata proportionately
in_large_quantities wholesale
skywards skyward
over_here up_here
esthetically aesthetically
excruciatingly agonizingly
torturously agonizingly
determinedly ambitiously
abroad afield
offhanded offhand
offhandedly offhand
offhanded offhand
offhandedly offhand
resignedly abjectly
temperately abstemiously
endearingly adorably
eloquently articulately
genuinely authentically
grandiosely bombastically
bombastically turgidly
boylike boyishly
a.k.a. alias
also_known_as alias
selflessly altruistically
gratefully appreciatively
unappreciatively ungratefully
amiss awry
awry askew
skew-whiff askew
shrewdly astutely
sagaciously astutely
sapiently astutely
acutely astutely
crosswise across
crossways across
amuck amok
murderously amok
amuck amok
timely seasonably
well-timed seasonably
apropos seasonably
ingenuously artlessly
crudely artlessly
inexpertly artlessly
aslant obliquely
athwart obliquely
abaft aft
astern aft
forward fore
astraddle astride
covetously avariciously
greedily avariciously
professedly avowedly
perniciously banefully
slap bang
slapdash bang
smack bang
bolt bang
tongue-in-cheek banteringly
barebacked bareback
barefoot barefooted
benignantly benignly
importunately beseechingly
imploringly beseechingly
pleadingly beseechingly
entreatingly beseechingly
captivatingly bewitchingly
enchantingly bewitchingly
enthrallingly bewitchingly
biyearly biennially
bluntly bluffly
brusquely bluffly
flat_out bluffly
roundly bluffly
bounteously bountifully
plentifully bountifully
plenteously bountifully
breadthways breadthwise
broadwise breadthwise
brutishly bestially
in_a_beastly_manner bestially
chirpily buoyantly
circumspectly cagily
freakishly capriciously
vitriolically caustically
carefully cautiously
carelessly incautiously
cavalierly disdainfully
ceaselessly endlessly
incessantly endlessly
unceasingly endlessly
unendingly endlessly
continuously endlessly
endlessly interminably
virtuously chastely
volubly chattily
inexpensively cheaply
nervily cheekily
brashly cheekily
chivalrously gallantly
surlily churlishly
cliquishly clannishly
fair fairly
clean fairly
below_the_belt unfairly
clear clearly
all_the_way clear
cajolingly coaxingly
conversationally colloquially
informally colloquially
composedly collectedly
scrappily combatively
consolingly comfortingly
obligatorily compulsorily
mandatorily compulsorily
self-conceitedly conceitedly
briefly concisely
shortly concisely
in_brief concisely
in_short concisely
compactly succinctly
quickly cursorily
reprehensively criminally
patronizingly condescendingly
patronisingly condescendingly
sequentially consecutive
cautiously conservatively
guardedly conservatively
grouchily crossly
grumpily crossly
cunningly craftily
foxily craftily
knavishly craftily
slyly craftily
trickily craftily
artfully craftily
therefore consequently
inconsequently inconsequentially
nervelessly coolly
nonchalantly coolly
improbably incredibly
implausibly incredibly
unbelievably incredibly
believably credibly
plausibly credibly
probably credibly
unbelievingly incredulously
disbelievingly incredulously
believingly credulously
enigmatically cryptically
mysteriously cryptically
cutely cunningly
short curtly
shortly curtly
damnably damned
cursedly damned
moistly damply
torpidly dazedly
resolutely decisively
in_low_spirits dejectedly
thickly densely
perchance possibly
perhaps possibly
maybe possibly
mayhap possibly
peradventure possibly
scoffingly derisively
derisorily derisively
mockingly derisively
despondently despairingly
devilish devilishly
infectiously contagiously
polemically controversially
flirtatiously coquettishly
covetously enviously
jealously enviously
creakingly creakily
screakily creakily
culpably reprehensibly
ignobly currishly
dottily daftly
balmily daftly
nuttily daftly
wackily daftly
all_day_long daylong
lifelessly deadly
unbecomingly indecorously
volitionally willingly
deep deeply
late deep
defenceless defenseless
defenselessly defenseless
defencelessly defenseless
objectionably offensively
obnoxiously offensively
submissively deferentially
provably demonstrably
incontrovertibly demonstrably
disconsolately desolately
devilishly diabolically
fiendishly diabolically
spitefully despitefully
repulsively detestably
abominably detestably
odiously detestably
harmfully detrimentally
noxiously detrimentally
piously devoutly
dextrously dexterously
deftly dexterously
graphically diagrammatically
autocratically dictatorially
magisterially dictatorially
pedagogically didactically
filthily dirtily
ingloriously disgracefully
ignominiously disgracefully
discreditably disgracefully
shamefully disgracefully
dishonorably disgracefully
dishonourably disgracefully
distastefully disgustingly
revoltingly disgustingly
sickeningly disgustingly
aboveboard honestly
venally dishonestly
deceitfully dishonestly
candidly honestly
frankly honestly
honourably honorably
artfully disingenuously
dreadfully dismally
drearily dismally
yieldingly obediently
slightingly disparagingly
hopelessly dispiritedly
proportionally proportionately
argumentatively disputatiously
mistrustfully distrustfully
trustingly trustfully
confidingly trustfully
sorrowfully dolefully
double_quick double_time
dubiously doubtfully
frumpily dowdily
frumpishly dowdily
moonily dreamily
dreamfully dreamily
somnolently drowsily
densely dumbly
obtusely dumbly
westwards westward
eastwards eastward
exuberantly ebulliently
expansively ebulliently
rapturously ecstatically
rhapsodically ecstatically
edgewise edgeways
edgeways edgewise
spookily eerily
effectively efficaciously
ineffectively inefficaciously
selfishly egotistically
articulately eloquently
inarticulately ineloquently
endwise endways
end_on endways
endwise endways
endwise endways
straight-backed erectly
learnedly eruditely
equally evenly
unequally unevenly
forevermore evermore
forgivably excusably
pardonably excusably
unpardonably inexcusably
unforgivably inexcusably
extortionately exorbitantly
usuriously exorbitantly
inadvisably expediently
tattily cheaply
inexpensively cheaply
extemporarily extemporaneously
extempore extemporaneously
lavishly extravagantly
riotously exuberantly
faddily faddishly
traitorously faithlessly
treacherously faithlessly
treasonably faithlessly
false faithlessly
incorrectly falsely
whimsically fancifully
fervently fierily
fervidly fierily
at_first_hand firsthand
very_well first-rate
showily flamboyantly
flashily flamboyantly
airily flippantly
softly piano
loudly forte
very_softly pianissimo
very_loudly fortissimo
insultingly foully
four_times fourfold
a_million_times millionfold
fourth fourthly
hectically frenziedly
scarily frighteningly
frigidly frostily
tawdrily garishly
gaudily garishly
mockingly jeeringly
gibingly jeeringly
lief gladly
fain gladly
joyously gleefully
joyfully gleefully
pickaback piggyback
pig-a-back piggyback
pickaback piggyback
pig-a-back piggyback
goddamn goddam
goddamned goddam
splendidly gorgeously
resplendently gorgeously
magnificently gorgeously
raspingly gratingly
harshly gratingly
sociably gregariously
greyly grayly
monstrously grotesquely
haphazardly haphazard
by_chance haply
by_luck haply
rough roughly
rough roughly
headfirst headlong
rashly headlong
precipitately headlong
hotly heatedly
heavenwards heavenward
heavenwardly heavenward
heavily heavy
monstrously heinously
hereafter hereinafter
hereunder hereinafter
horridly hideously
monstrously hideously
high_up high
richly high
luxuriously high
wonderingly questioningly
free loose
huskily hoarsely
humourlessly humorlessly
a_hundred_times hundredfold
ravenously hungrily
hydraulicly hydraulically
lazily idly
decipherably legibly
readably legibly
undecipherably illegibly
unreadably illegibly
out_of_wedlock illegitimately
illicitly illegitimately
lawfully legitimately
licitly legitimately
virtuously morally
amorally immorally
unrepentantly impenitently
penitentially penitently
repentantly penitently
peremptorily imperatively
unnoticeably imperceptibly
noticeably perceptibly
observably perceptibly
saucily impertinently
pertly impertinently
freshly impertinently
impudently impertinently
impulsively impetuously
puckishly impishly
significantly importantly
incisively precisely
exactly precisely
inexactly imprecisely
exactly precisely
on_the_nose precisely
on_the_dot precisely
on_the_button precisely
providentially prudently
uncomparably incomparably
indescribably ineffably
unutterably ineffably
unspeakably ineffably
beyond_doubt indubitably
beyond_a_doubt indubitably
beyond_a_shadow_of_a_doubt indubitably
instructively informatively
uninstructively uninformatively
unreproducibly inimitably
malapropos inopportunely
enquiringly inquiringly
unsatiably insatiably
unsatiably insatiably
perniciously insidiously
unfeignedly sincerely
truly sincerely
impalpably insubstantially
illiberally intolerantly
jejunely immaturely
jestingly jokingly
jocular jocosely
sidesplittingly killingly
landwards landward
salaciously lasciviously
ridiculously laughably
ludicrously laughably
preposterously laughably
leniently laxly
lengthwise lengthways
longwise lengthways
longways lengthways
longitudinally lengthways
unenergetically lethargically
obscenely lewdly
wantonly licentiously
promiscuously licentiously
yearningly longingly
pellucidly lucidly
limpidly lucidly
perspicuously lucidly
tepidly lukewarmly
manly manfully
unmanly unmanfully
light lightly
lightsomely light-heartedly
trippingly lightsomely
protractedly lingeringly
garrulously loquaciously
talkatively loquaciously
talkily loquaciously
deliciously lusciously
scrumptiously lusciously
magniloquently grandiloquently
motherly maternally
drippily mawkishly
sparingly meagerly
slenderly meagerly
meagrely meagerly
richly amply
humbly meanly
scurvily meanly
basely meanly
mellow mellowly
tunefully melodiously
unforgettably memorably
threateningly menacingly
untruthfully mendaciously
pitilessly mercilessly
unmercifully mercilessly
remorselessly mercilessly
flashily meretriciously
untidily messily
senselessly mindlessly
amidship amidships
midships amidships
circumstantially minutely
terrestrially mundanely
reciprocally mutually
reciprocally in_return
small-mindedly narrow-mindedly
meanly nastily
nationwide nationally
across_the_nation nationally
across_the_country nationally
nigher nearer
closer nearer
nighest nearest
closest nearest
needfully necessarily
head-to-head neck_and_neck
nip_and_tuck neck_and_neck
never_again nevermore
nigh near
close near
at_close_range close_up
every_night nightly
nine_times ninefold
insensibly numbly
to_no_degree nowise
north-east northeast
nor'-east northeast
north-west northwest
nor'-west northwest
nor'-nor'-east north-northeast
nor'-nor'-west north-northwest
subserviently obsequiously
servilely obsequiously
observingly observantly
loudly obstreperously
clamorously obstreperously
hinderingly obstructively
opulently sumptuously
showily ostentatiously
too_much overmuch
overseas oversea
fastidiously painstakingly
palely pallidly
dimly pallidly
pitiably pathetically
pacifically peaceably
querulously peevishly
fractiously peevishly
penetratively penetratingly
by_chance perchance
confoundedly perplexedly
little_by_little piecemeal
bit_by_bit piecemeal
in_stages piecemeal
bitterly piercingly
bitingly piercingly
bitter piercingly
steaming piping
spicily piquantly
unrecognisable unrecognizably
pitty-patty pit-a-pat
pitty-pat pit-a-pat
pitter-patter pit-a-pat
pitty-patty pit-a-pat
pitty-pat pit-a-pat
pitter-patter pit-a-pat
sententiously pithily
plaguy plaguey
plaguily plaguey
plunk plop
venomously poisonously
post-paid post-free
powerfully potently
strongly powerfully
feasibly practicably
preeminently pre-eminently
preciously precious
sharply precipitously
untimely prematurely
cannily presciently
supernaturally preternaturally
prissily primly
originally primitively
in_the_beginning primitively
warm warmly
prodigally wastefully
unprofitably profitlessly
gainlessly profitlessly
indiscriminately promiscuously
unimaginatively prosaically
provokingly provocatively
puritanically prudishly
punitorily punitively
penally punitively
every_quarter quarterly
fishily queerly
strangely queerly
oddly queerly
funnily queerly
unimpeachably unquestionably
dubiously questionably
quizzically questioningly
quietly restfully
jaggedly raggedly
stragglingly raggedly
unevenly raggedly
wild rampantly
ravingly raving
refreshfully refreshingly
repellingly repellently
creditably respectably
vengefully revengefully
vindictively revengefully
reverently reverentially
spaciously roomily
rotundly sonorously
raucously rowdily
sardonically sarcastically
self-righteously sanctimoniously
unsparingly scathingly
skeptically sceptically
seawards seaward
asea seaward
calmly sedately
temptingly seductively
sultrily sensually
severally independently
perpendicularly sheer
unawares short
sideways sidelong
obliquely sidelong
sidewards sideward
sideway sideways
sidewise sideways
sideways sideway
sidewise sideway
sideway sideways
sidewise sideways
unmistakably signally
remarkably signally
simperingly pusillanimously
single-handedly single-handed
six_times sixfold
skilfully skillfully
enthusiastically sky-high
calumniously slanderously
slopingly slantingly
slantways slantwise
slap-bang slam-bang
slam-bang slapdash
slimly slenderly
slightly slenderly
smashingly smash
vulgarly smuttily
superciliously sneeringly
snidely sneeringly
snootily snobbishly
uppishly snobbishly
sombrely somberly
sopping soaking
dripping soaking
squalidly sordidly
all_at_once all_together
south-east southeast
sou'-east southeast
south-west southwest
sou'west southwest
sou'-sou'-east south-southeast
sou'-sou'-west south-southwest
soundlessly noiselessly
southward southerly
southwards southerly
jerkily spasmodically
theatrically stagily
stanchly staunchly
viscidly stickily
cheaply stingily
chintzily stingily
stock-still still
thereabouts thereabout
thereabouts thereabout
on_it thereon
on_that thereon
to_it thereto
to_that thereto
under_that thereunder
under_it thereunder
stringently strictly
stodgily stuffily
sneakily surreptitiously
sweet sweetly
tastily tastefully
teasingly tauntingly
tersely telegraphically
three_times threefold
thickly thick
lightly thinly
thin thinly
thick thickly
trepidly timorously
riotously tumultuously
two_times twofold
unchangeably unalterably
unassailably unalterably
immutably unalterably
undisputedly unarguably
unachievably unattainably
unbeknownst unbeknown
unwantedly undesirably
smarmily unctuously
fulsomely unctuously
below under
underhand underarm
underhand underhandedly
unthinkably unimaginably
uprightly honorably
valorously valiantly
windily verbosely
long-windedly verbosely
wordily verbosely
watchfully vigilantly
waist-high waist-deep
wheezingly wheezily
wheresoever wherever
widely wide
astray wide
wilfully willfully
yeah yea
zestily zestfully
'tween_decks between_decks
betwixt between
blamelessly irreproachably
connubial conjugally
corruptedly corruptly
grubbily dingily
grungily dingily
ramblingly discursively
dissolutely profligately
in_theory in_principle
in_essence in_principle
for_each_person per_capita
of_each_person per_capita
inwards in
inward in
especially specially
mildly gently
sharp sharply
acutely sharply
frantically madly
smoulderingly smolderingly
fully in_full
on_the_wing in_flight
only_if only
only_when only
closely close
tight close
by_nature naturally
properly by_rights
caudal caudally
one_after_another one_by_one
one_at_a_time one_by_one
deliberately measuredly
hither_and_thither from_pillar_to_post
sorely painfully
out_of_view out_of_sight
baby-like baby-wise
coincidently coincidentally
unreasoningly viscerally
northeastwardly northeastward
northwestwardly northwestward
southeastwardly southeastward
southwestwardly southwestward
ex_vivo in_vitro
spacewards spaceward
abstract_entity abstraction
physical_object object
unit whole
animate_thing living_thing
being organism
cause causal_agent
causal_agency causal_agent
individual person
someone person
somebody person
mortal person
soul person
animate_being animal
beast animal
brute animal
creature animal
fauna animal
flora plant
plant_life plant
nutrient food
artefact artifact
knowledge cognition
noesis cognition
motive motivation
need motivation
form shape
infinite space
physical_process process
deed act
human_action act
human_activity act
grouping group
quantity measure
amount measure
benignity kindness
tummy_tuck abdominoplasty
achievement accomplishment
foothold beachhead
effort feat
exploit feat
course_of_action course
reciprocation interchange
give-and-take interchange
cross-fertilisation cross-fertilization
traffic dealings
swordplay play
getting acquiring
causation causing
obstetrical_delivery delivery
going departure
going_away departure
leaving departure
find discovery
uncovering discovery
disposition disposal
effectuation implementation
egression egress
emergence egress
equalisation equalization
leveling equalization
disinterment exhumation
digging_up exhumation
mitsvah mitzvah
actuation propulsion
rallying rally
retrieval recovery
touching touch
track_record record
accomplished_fact fait_accompli
entering entrance
entry entrance
ingress entrance
enrollment registration
enrolment registration
emersion emergence
return reappearance
homecoming return
permeation interpenetration
moorage docking
dockage docking
tying_up docking
emergency_landing forced_landing
leave farewell
leave-taking farewell
parting farewell
disappearing disappearance
self-effacement effacement
retreat retirement
medevac medical_evacuation
medivac medical_evacuation
abandonment desertion
defection desertion
decampment abscondment
unauthorized_absence absence_without_leave
out-migration emigration
expatriation emigration
in-migration immigration
stand-down standdown
fallback disengagement
pullout disengagement
recession receding
disembarkation debarkation
disembarkment debarkation
embarkation boarding
embarkment boarding
flight escape
elusion slip
eluding slip
manoeuvre maneuver
evasive_action maneuver
breakout break
jailbreak break
gaolbreak break
prisonbreak break
prison-breaking break
lam getaway
hegira exodus
hejira exodus
Hejira hegira
Underground_Railway underground_railroad
close_shave close_call
squeak close_call
squeaker close_call
narrow_escape close_call
despatch dispatch
shipment dispatch
realisation realization
fruition realization
climax orgasm
sexual_climax orgasm
coming orgasm
fulfilment fulfillment
self-realization self-fulfillment
self-realisation self-fulfillment
megahit blockbuster
smash_hit blockbuster
smash hit
smasher hit
strike hit
bang hit
bull's_eye bell_ringer
mark bell_ringer
home_run bell_ringer
flying_colours flying_colors
pass passing
qualifying passing
course_credit credit
credit_hour semester_hour
nonachievement nonaccomplishment
flunk failing
fall capitulation
surrender capitulation
thwarting frustration
foiling frustration
upset overturn
lapse backsliding
lapsing backsliding
relapse backsliding
relapsing backsliding
reversion backsliding
reverting backsliding
dashing_hopes disappointment
constructive_breach anticipatory_breach
motivating motivation
error mistake
fault mistake
misplay error
smear blot
smirch blot
spot blot
stain blot
mix-up confusion
misreckoning miscalculation
misestimation miscalculation
boomerang backfire
rounding_error rounding
slip-up slip
miscue slip
parapraxis slip
lapse oversight
skip omission
blooper blunder
bloomer blunder
bungle blunder
pratfall blunder
foul-up blunder
fuckup blunder
flub blunder
botch blunder
boner blunder
boo-boo blunder
balls-up ballup
cockup ballup
mess-up ballup
muff fumble
gaffe faux_pas
solecism faux_pas
slip faux_pas
gaucherie faux_pas
trip-up trip
stumble trip
misstep trip
tumble spill
fall spill
obtention obtainment
contracting catching
repurchase redemption
buyback redemption
bond-trading_activity bond_trading
short_selling short_sale
call call_option
put put_option
incentive_stock_option incentive_option
purchasing buying
catalog_buying mail-order_buying
viaticus viatication
taking_over succession
laying_claim assumption
heritage inheritance
procurance procurement
procural procurement
adoption borrowing
naturalisation naturalization
pre-emption preemption
arrogation confiscation
distraint distress
impounding impoundment
internment impoundment
poundage impoundment
drugs_bust drug_bust
impressment impress
occupancy occupation
moving_in occupation
preoccupation preoccupancy
requisition sequestration
subsidization grant
subsidisation grant
awarding award
gaining_control capture
seizure capture
arrest apprehension
catch apprehension
collar apprehension
pinch apprehension
taking_into_custody apprehension
conquering conquest
subjection conquest
subjugation conquest
return restitution
restoration restitution
regaining restitution
receipt reception
throwing_away discard
auction_sale auction
vendue auction
capitalisation capitalization
overcapitalisation overcapitalization
deliverance rescue
delivery rescue
saving rescue
salvation redemption
remission absolution
remittal absolution
remission_of_sin absolution
rebirth conversion
spiritual_rebirth conversion
atonement expiation
propitiation expiation
amends reparation
release liberation
freeing liberation
reformation reclamation
retaking recapture
execution performance
carrying_out performance
carrying_into_action performance
mechanics mechanism
dramatic_performance dramatic_production
extemporisation extemporization
improvisation extemporization
juggling juggle
conjuring_trick magic_trick
trick magic_trick
magic magic_trick
legerdemain magic_trick
conjuration magic_trick
thaumaturgy magic_trick
illusion magic_trick
deception magic_trick
rendering rendition
interpretation rendition
spiccato_bowing spiccato
mechanization automation
mechanisation automation
cybernation computerization
motorisation motorization
launch launching
rocket_launching rocket_firing
shot blastoff
thrust drive
driving_force drive
impulsion impulse
impetus impulse
bowl roll
heaving heave
cast hurl
toss pass
flip pass
delivery pitch
beaner beanball
change-of-pace change-up
change-of-pace_ball change-up
off-speed_pitch change-up
curve_ball curve
breaking_ball curve
bender curve
heater fastball
smoke fastball
hummer fastball
bullet fastball
knuckler knuckleball
spitter spitball
submarine_pitch submarine_ball
dunk_shot dunk
stuff_shot dunk
free_throw foul_shot
penalty_free_throw foul_shot
charity_toss foul_shot
charity_throw foul_shot
charity_shot foul_shot
hook hook_shot
jump_shot jumper
layup lay-up
pushing push
mouse_click click
jog nudge
pressure press
pressing press
jostling jostle
pulling pull
haul draw
haulage draw
towage tow
jerk tug
draught draft
drawing draft
excision extirpation
deracination extirpation
raise lift
heave lift
projection expulsion
ejection expulsion
forcing_out expulsion
Babinski_reflex babinski
Babinski_sign babinski
belching belch
burp belch
burping belch
eructation belch
eye_blink blink
blinking blink
wink blink
winking blink
nictitation blink
nictation blink
flush blush
spitting spit
expectoration spit
vomiting vomit
emesis vomit
regurgitation vomit
disgorgement vomit
puking vomit
haematemesis hematemesis
jumping jump
leaping leap
spring leap
saltation leap
bound leap
bounce leap
hurdle vault
snap centering
transmittal transmission
transmitting transmission
remitment remission
remit remission
posting mailing
rolling wheeling
shot shooting
firing discharge
firing_off discharge
gunshot gunfire
enfilade_fire enfilade
skeet_shooting skeet
trapshooting skeet
gunplay gunfight
shootout gunfight
physical_contact contact
wipe rub
pat tap
dab tap
hitting hit
striking hit
smash crash
impaction impingement
walk base_on_balls
pass base_on_balls
fly_ball fly
pop-fly pop_fly
pop-up pop_fly
ground_ball grounder
groundball grounder
hopper grounder
chopper chop
force-out force_out
force_play force_out
force force_out
safety base_hit
line_drive liner
screamer scorcher
line_single line-drive_single
line_double line-drive_double
line_triple line-drive_triple
plunker plunk
home_run homer
solo_blast solo_homer
bingle single
two-base_hit double
two-bagger double
two-baser double
three-base_hit triple
three-bagger triple
belt knock
rap knock
whack knock
whang knock
smacking smack
slap smack
KO knockout
kayo knockout
TKO technical_knockout
lash whip
whiplash whip
clout punch
poke punch
lick punch
biff punch
slug punch
jab dig
parry counterpunch
counter counterpunch
knockout_punch haymaker
KO_punch haymaker
Sunday_punch haymaker
boot kick
kicking kick
punting punt
place-kicking place_kick
buss kiss
osculation kiss
smooch smack
deep_kiss soul_kiss
French_kiss soul_kiss
grab catch
snatch catch
snap catch
meshing mesh
interlock mesh
interlocking mesh
manipulation handling
necropsy autopsy
postmortem autopsy
post-mortem autopsy
postmortem_examination autopsy
post-mortem_examination autopsy
checkout check
check-out_procedure check
medical_checkup checkup
medical_examination checkup
medical_exam checkup
medical checkup
health_check checkup
comparing comparison
fine-toothed_comb fine-tooth_comb
followup follow-up
reexamination follow-up
review follow-up
look-over once-over
tactual_exploration palpation
tickling tickle
titillation tickle
stroking stroke
connection joining
connexion joining
bringing_close_together approximation
converging convergence
convergency convergence
meeting merging
coming_together merging
confluence concourse
coming_upon encounter
adjunction junction
attachment fastening
laxation loosening
soldering bonding
earthing grounding
ligature tying
undoing untying
unfastening untying
butt-welding butt_welding
spot-welding spot_welding
flash_butt_welding flash_welding
lap lick
shaving grazing
skimming grazing
catching detection
espial detection
spying detection
spotting detection
finding determination
identification designation
genetic_fingerprinting genetic_profiling
diagnosing diagnosis
prospect prognosis
medical_prognosis prognosis
solving resolution
proof validation
substantiation validation
certification authentication
support documentation
monetisation monetization
demonetisation demonetization
falsifying falsification
disproof falsification
refutation falsification
refutal falsification
localisation localization
location localization
locating localization
fix localization
echo_sounding echolocation
induction trigger
initiation trigger
instigation fomentation
coercion compulsion
encroachment impingement
impact impingement
use manipulation
auto-suggestion autosuggestion
self-suggestion autosuggestion
mesmerism hypnotism
suggestion hypnotism
inducing inducement
temptation enticement
wheedling blandishment
insinuation ingratiation
leading_off leading_astray
conquest seduction
score sexual_conquest
allurement solicitation
selection choice
option choice
pick choice
colouration coloration
representative_sampling stratified_sampling
proportional_sampling stratified_sampling
determination decision
conclusion decision
willing volition
volte-face about-face
reversal about-face
policy_change about-face
assignment appointment
designation appointment
naming appointment
assigning assignment
storage_allocation allocation
co-optation co-option
ordinance ordination
castling castle
mate checkmate
manoeuvre maneuver
tactical_maneuver maneuver
tactical_manoeuvre maneuver
relocation move
loop-the-loop loop
sideslip slip
airplane_maneuver flight_maneuver
gimmick device
twist device
fast_one trick
schtik shtik
shtick shtik
schtick shtik
fake juke
gambit ploy
stratagem ploy
artifice ruse
agency means
way means
tool instrument
step measure
porcupine_provision shark_repellent
diagnostic_technique diagnostic_procedure
double-blind_experiment double-blind_procedure
double-blind_study double-blind_procedure
stopgap makeshift
make-do makeshift
temporary_expedient improvisation
last_resort pis_aller
drawing_lots casting_lots
sortition casting_lots
acceptance adoption
acceptation adoption
espousal adoption
bosom embrace
co-optation co-option
primary_election primary
bye-election by-election
ballot vote
voting vote
balloting vote
balancing reconciliation
equating equation
breech_birth breech_delivery
breech_presentation breech_delivery
frank_breech_delivery frank_breech
caesarean_delivery cesarean_delivery
caesarian_delivery cesarean_delivery
cesarean_section cesarean_delivery
cesarian_section cesarean_delivery
caesarean_section cesarean_delivery
caesarian_section cesarean_delivery
C-section cesarean_delivery
cesarean cesarean_delivery
cesarian cesarean_delivery
caesarean cesarean_delivery
caesarian cesarean_delivery
abdominal_delivery cesarean_delivery
ten-strike strike
break open_frame
point_after_touchdown point_after
extra_point point_after
tally run
rbi run_batted_in
field_goal basket
simplification reduction
schematisation schematization
saving economy
curtailment retrenchment
downsizing retrenchment
decimalisation decimalization
metrication metrification
variance variation
variegation diversification
switching switch
shift switch
exchange substitution
commutation substitution
supersession supersedure
displacement supplanting
replacing replacement
ablactation weaning
investiture investment
modification alteration
adjustment alteration
misdirection distraction
transition passage
fossilisation fossilization
tampering meddling
transference transfer
inhibition prohibition
forbiddance prohibition
opposition resistance
white_backlash whitelash
turning_away avoidance
shunning avoidance
dodging avoidance
averting aversion
forsaking abandonment
desertion abandonment
tergiversation apostasy
forgoing renunciation
forswearing renunciation
turndown nonacceptance
giving_up forsaking
self-abnegation abnegation
denial abnegation
self-denial abnegation
self-renunciation abnegation
forfeiture forfeit
sacrifice forfeit
proscription banishment
anathematisation anathematization
exclusion ejection
expulsion ejection
riddance ejection
blackball barring
deportation exile
expatriation exile
transportation exile
excision excommunication
ousting ouster
dethronement deposition
temporary_removal suspension
ending termination
conclusion termination
finishing finish
close finale
closing_curtain finale
finis finale
tone_ending release
culmination completion
closing completion
windup completion
mop_up completion
finalisation finalization
last_hurrah swan_song
relinquishing relinquishment
ceding cession
waiver release
discharge release
immunity exemption
granting_immunity exemption
testimonial_immunity use_immunity
breakup dissolution
subversive_activity subversion
dissolution adjournment
dismission dismissal
discharge dismissal
firing dismissal
liberation dismissal
release dismissal
sack dismissal
sacking dismissal
congee conge
devastation destruction
ruin laying_waste
ruining laying_waste
ruination laying_waste
wrecking laying_waste
leveling razing
tearing_down razing
demolishing razing
obliteration annihilation
atomisation atomization
pulverisation pulverization
vaporisation vaporization
kill killing
putting_to_death killing
coup_de_grace deathblow
mercy_killing euthanasia
slaying murder
execution murder
gore bloodshed
despatch dispatch
self-destruction suicide
self-annihilation suicide
hara-kiri harakiri
harikari harakiri
seppuku harakiri
liquidation elimination
massacre slaughter
mass_murder slaughter
carnage slaughter
butchery slaughter
bloodletting bloodbath
bloodshed bloodbath
battue bloodbath
asphyxiation suffocation
strangling choking
strangulation choking
throttling choking
retch heave
ritual_killing sacrifice
beheading decapitation
abolishment abolition
settlement liquidation
viaticus_settlement viatical_settlement
drug_withdrawal withdrawal
closedown closure
closing closure
shutdown closure
extinguishing extinction
quenching extinction
disappearance fade
miscarriage spontaneous_abortion
stillbirth spontaneous_abortion
threatened_abortion imminent_abortion
partial_abortion incomplete_abortion
feticide aborticide
override nullification
repeal abrogation
annulment abrogation
civil_death attainder
rescission recission
neutralisation neutralization
counteraction neutralization
defusing deactivation
inactivation deactivation
neutralisation neutralization
neutralisation neutralization
regress regression
reversion regression
retrogression regression
retroversion regression
start beginning
commencement beginning
jumping-off_point springboard
point_of_departure springboard
rise_to_power accession
tone-beginning attack
establishment constitution
formation constitution
organization constitution
organisation constitution
debut introduction
first_appearance introduction
launching introduction
unveiling introduction
entry introduction
initiative first_step
opening_move first_step
opening first_step
groundbreaking_ceremony groundbreaking
startup inauguration
founding initiation
foundation initiation
institution initiation
origination initiation
creation initiation
innovation initiation
introduction initiation
instauration initiation
paternity authorship
installing installation
installment installation
instalment installation
starting start
recommencement resumption
scrummage scrum
unionisation unionization
rousing arousal
inaugural inauguration
cookery cooking
preparation cooking
browning toasting
broiling broil
grilling broil
sauteing frying
stewing boiling
simmering boiling
tenderisation tenderization
progress advancement
furtherance forwarding
promotion forwarding
workflow work_flow
working_out elaboration
cleansing cleaning
cleanup cleaning
scrubbing scrub
scouring scrub
mopping swabbing
purging purge
purging purge
purgation purge
purgation purification
katharsis catharsis
abreaction catharsis
katharsis catharsis
purgation catharsis
sterilisation sterilization
pasteurisation pasteurization
sanitization sanitation
sanitisation sanitation
epilation depilation
shaving shave
bathing washup
washup dishwashing
washing wash
lavation wash
soaking soak
brushing brush
combing comb
teasing comb-out
haircare hair_care
hairdressing hair_care
shower_bath shower
steam_bath turkish_bath
vapor_bath turkish_bath
vapour_bath turkish_bath
rectification correction
remedy redress
remediation redress
compensation recompense
optimisation optimization
melioration amelioration
betterment amelioration
self-reformation self-improvement
glamorisation glamorization
glamourization glamorization
glamourisation glamorization
embellishment ornamentation
tittivation titivation
clarification clearing
humanisation humanization
modernisation modernization
redevelopment renovation
overhaul renovation
facelift face_lift
face_lifting face_lift
moralisation moralization
sweetening enhancement
downswing downturn
airing ventilation
fix repair
fixing repair
fixture repair
mend repair
mending repair
reparation repair
maintenance care
upkeep care
inspection_and_repair overhaul
service overhaul
quick_fix band_aid
quickie band_aid
quicky band_aid
renewal reclamation
rehabilitation reclamation
refabrication reassembly
regeneration re-formation
coaching_job coaching
booking engagement
debasement degradation
dehumanisation dehumanization
brutalisation brutalization
animalization brutalization
animalisation brutalization
barbarisation barbarization
bastardisation bastardization
subversion corruption
demoralisation demoralization
constipation stultification
impairment stultification
deadening stultification
popularisation popularization
vulgarization popularization
vulgarisation popularization
abasement humiliation
lightening whitening
darkening blackening
discolouration discoloration
colouring coloring
Gram_method gram's_method
Gram's_procedure gram's_method
Gram's_stain gram's_method
Gram_stain gram's_method
fixing fixation
soilure soiling
dirtying soiling
spotting staining
maculation staining
pollution contamination
immersion submersion
ducking submersion
dousing submersion
soaking drenching
souse drenching
sousing drenching
dampening moistening
splashing splash
sprinkling sprinkle
sparge sprinkle
chewing chew
mastication chew
manduction chew
gumming mumbling
movement motion
move motion
approaching approach
coming approach
backdoor back_door
closure closing
wave-off overshoot
go-around overshoot
progression progress
procession progress
advance progress
advancement progress
forward_motion progress
onward_motion progress
life_history career
clear_sailing plain_sailing
easy_going plain_sailing
travel locomotion
walking walk
promenade amble
saunter amble
stroll amble
perambulation amble
meander ramble
somnambulism sleepwalking
somnambulation sleepwalking
noctambulism sleepwalking
noctambulation sleepwalking
somniloquy sleep_talking
somniloquism sleep_talking
stride pace
tread pace
hobble hitch
limp hitch
single-foot rack
vaulting curvet
lope canter
hiking hike
tramp hike
stumble lurch
stagger lurch
angry_walk stalk
prance strut
swagger strut
lunge lurch
marching march
plod plodding
shambling shamble
shuffle shamble
shuffling shamble
running run
trot jog
lope jog
sprint dash
crawling crawl
creep crawl
creeping crawl
circle lap
circuit lap
lap_of_honour victory_lap
traveling travel
travelling travel
traverse traversal
roving wandering
vagabondage wandering
fording ford
traverse traversal
touristry tourism
horseback_riding riding
aviation air_travel
air air_travel
nonstop nonstop_flight
redeye_flight redeye
flying flight
aerobatics acrobatics
stunting acrobatics
stunt_flying acrobatics
blind_landing blind_flying
fly-by flyover
flypast flyover
gliding glide
sailplaning glide
soaring glide
sailing glide
parachuting jump
paragliding parasailing
airplane_landing aircraft_landing
GCA ground-controlled_approach
spin tailspin
low_level_flight terrain_flight
journeying journey
leg stage
ride drive
transit passage
hunting_expedition campaign
safari campaign
geographic_expedition exploration
excursion digression
shlep schlep
circuit tour
on_tour on_the_road
pilgrim's_journey pilgrimage
jaunt excursion
outing excursion
junket excursion
pleasure_trip excursion
expedition excursion
sashay excursion
voyage ocean_trip
sail cruise
space_travel spaceflight
spacefaring spaceflight
seafaring water_travel
navigation seafaring
sailing seafaring
yachting boating
commuting commutation
deracination displacement
transport transportation
transfer transportation
transferral transportation
conveyance transportation
lift airlift
connexion connection
bringing delivery
handing_over passage
serving service
service_of_process service
backpacking packing
chase pursuit
pursual pursuit
following pursuit
tracking trailing
tailing shadowing
stalking stalk
introduction insertion
intromission insertion
canulation cannulation
cannulization cannulation
cannulisation cannulation
canulization cannulation
canulisation cannulation
intubation cannulation
catheterisation catheterization
instillment instillation
instilment instillation
enclosing enclosure
envelopment enclosure
inclosure enclosure
boxing packing
incasement encasement
blood_transfusion transfusion
ascent rise
ascension rise
ascending rise
heaving heave
tightrope_walking funambulism
mount climb
mountaineering mountain_climbing
zoom soar
nose_dive dive
nosedive dive
abseil rappel
collapse flop
letting_down lowering
swinging swing
vacillation swing
glide slide
coast slide
slip skid
sideslip skid
stream flow
spillage spill
release spill
overflow flood
outpouring flood
speeding speed
hurrying speed
quickening acceleration
speedup acceleration
scudding scud
displacement translation
transplantation transplant
transplanting transplant
shifting shift
movement motion
move motion
motility motion
foetal_movement fetal_movement
dart flit
headshaking headshake
jabbing jab
poke jab
poking jab
thrust jab
thrusting jab
inclining inclination
eversion inversion
everting inversion
upending inversion
jerking jerk
jolt jerk
saccade jerk
kicking kick
kneeling kneel
pitch lurch
pitching lurch
juggling juggle
reversal transposition
overtaking passing
shuffling shuffle
make shuffle
reshuffling reshuffle
reaching reach
stretch reach
retroflexion retroflection
rotary_motion rotation
feathering feather
whirling gyration
twirl spin
twist spin
twisting spin
whirl spin
logrolling birling
closing shutting
posing sitting
squatting squat
turn twist
winding wind
twist wind
quiver vibration
quivering vibration
reorientation change_of_direction
reverse reversion
reversal reversion
turnabout reversion
turnaround reversion
about_turn about-face
jiggle joggle
waggle wag
shake wag
careen rock
sway rock
tilt rock
overturn upset
turnover upset
flutter waver
flicker waver
shudder tremor
span straddle
key_stroke keystroke
wriggle wiggle
squirm wiggle
turning turn
deviation diversion
digression diversion
deflection diversion
deflexion diversion
divagation diversion
tacking tack
diminution decrease
reduction decrease
step-down decrease
salary_cut pay_cut
price_cut price_cutting
mitigation moderation
devitalisation devitalization
mitigation extenuation
palliation extenuation
easement easing
alleviation easing
relief easing
liberalisation liberalization
relaxation liberalization
minimisation minimization
using_up consumption
expenditure consumption
compressing compression
squeezing squeeze
tweak pinch
decompressing decompression
condensation condensing
inspissation thickening
crunch crush
compaction crush
mill grind
pulverization grind
pulverisation grind
expulsion extrusion
cutting cut
cutting_off cut
severing severance
clipping clip
snip clip
trimming trim
clipping trim
miniaturisation miniaturization
deduction subtraction
nuisance_abatement abatement_of_a_nuisance
price_reduction discount
deduction discount
wilting wilt
thinning cutting
step-up increase
rise advance
upsurge surge
fluoridization fluoridation
fluoridisation fluoridation
enlargement expansion
dilatation dilation
distension distention
maximisation maximization
maximation maximization
spreading spread
dispersal dispersion
dissemination dispersion
diffusion dispersion
spraying crop-dusting
scattering scatter
strewing scatter
muscular_contraction contraction
muscle_contraction contraction
false_labor braxton-hicks_contraction
expanding_upon expansion
elaboration amplification
annotating annotation
subjunction supplementation
subjoining supplementation
accrual accumulation
accruement accumulation
deposition deposit
reposition repositing
storage repositing
warehousing repositing
appropriation annexation
aggrandisement aggrandizement
elevation aggrandizement
self-aggrandisement self-aggrandizement
ego_trip self-aggrandizement
exacerbation aggravation
focalisation focalization
focusing focalization
break breakage
breaking breakage
shattering smashing
crack fracture
cracking fracture
chipping chip
splintering chip
burst explosion
combustion burning
incendiarism arson
fire-raising arson
firing ignition
lighting ignition
kindling ignition
inflammation ignition
combining combination
compounding combination
affixation attachment
grafting graft
commixture mix
admixture mix
mixture mix
intermixture mix
mixing mix
blending blend
conflux confluence
merging confluence
homogenisation homogenization
interspersal interspersion
unification union
uniting union
conjugation union
jointure union
coalescency coalescence
coalition coalescence
concretion coalescence
conglutination coalescence
reunification reunion
tribalisation tribalization
detribalisation detribalization
interruption break
disruption break
gap break
insert cut-in
insert cut-in
withdrawal secession
breaking_away breakaway
disjunction disconnection
split schism
cutting cut
cutting cut
nick notch
snick notch
gash slash
atomisation atomization
fragmentation atomization
ramification branching
fork branching
forking branching
dichotomisation dichotomization
quantisation quantization
matchup match-up
syllabification syllabication
hyphenation word_division
disengagement detachment
rip rent
split rent
remotion removal
drawing_off drawing
cutting_off abscission
extirpation ablation
cutting_out ablation
excision ablation
stripping denudation
uncovering denudation
baring denudation
husking denudation
dislodgement dislodgment
riddance elimination
voidance emptying
evacuation emptying
drainage drain
rinsing rinse
bowdlerisation bowdlerization
castration expurgation
bowdlerisation bowdlerization
censorship censoring
expunging expunction
erasure expunction
partition division
partitioning division
segmentation division
sectionalization division
sectionalisation division
translation transformation
alteration revision
re-afforestation reforestation
physical_restoration physical_rehabilitation
therapeutic_rehabilitation physical_rehabilitation
recreation refreshment
metamorphosis transfiguration
tempering annealing
harm damage
hurt damage
scathe damage
disfigurement defacement
disfiguration defacement
wounding wound
deformation contortion
flexure flexion
enfolding involution
folding fold
pleating plication
projection protrusion
jut protrusion
jutting protrusion
broadening widening
pattern practice
praxis practice
symbolization symbolism
symbolisation symbolism
occult_arts occult
usage custom
usance custom
Britishism anglicism
use habit
daily_round round
slaveholding slavery
path way
way_of_life way
strait_and_narrow straight_and_narrow
Sunna sunnah
hadith sunnah
path_of_least_resistance line_of_least_resistance
choke_hold chokehold
embracing embrace
embracement embrace
nestle cuddle
snuggle cuddle
clinch hug
squeeze hug
annoying annoyance
irritation annoyance
vexation annoyance
neglect disregard
victimization exploitation
victimisation exploitation
using exploitation
molestation harassment
ill-treatment maltreatment
ill-usage maltreatment
abuse maltreatment
subjugation oppression
torturing torture
falanga bastinado
excruciation crucifixion
nail_removal nail_pulling
piquet picket
strapado strappado
inhuman_treatment cruelty
inhumanity atrocity
barbarity brutality
barbarism brutality
savagery brutality
worrying badgering
torment badgering
bedevilment badgering
teasing tease
ribbing tease
tantalization tease
recreation diversion
joke antic
prank antic
trick antic
caper antic
put-on antic
festivity celebration
dance dancing
terpsichore dancing
saltation dancing
amusement entertainment
lark escapade
escapism escape
eurhythmy eurythmy
eurythmics eurythmy
eurhythmics eurythmy
merriment fun
playfulness fun
gaming gambling
play gambling
joke jest
jocularity jest
night_life nightlife
interest pastime
pursuit pastime
child's_play play
by-line avocation
hobby avocation
pursuit avocation
sideline avocation
spare-time_activity avocation
bag cup_of_tea
dish cup_of_tea
field_sport outdoor_sport
gymnastic_exercise gymnastics
tumbling acrobatics
acrobatic_feat acrobatic_stunt
upstart kip
stock_split split
split_up split
reverse_stock_split reverse_split
split_down reverse_split
somerset somersault
summersault somersault
summerset somersault
somersaulting somersault
flip somersault
running track
long_jump broad_jump
stem stem_turn
aquatics water_sport
swim swimming
plunge dip
diving dive
natation floating
prone_float dead-man's_float
belly_flopper belly_flop
belly_whop belly_flop
belly_whopper belly_flop
full_gainer gainer
swallow_dive swan_dive
skin-dive skin_diving
snorkel_diving snorkeling
surfboarding surfing
surfriding surfing
row rowing
pugilism boxing
fisticuffs boxing
sparring spar
rassling wrestling
grappling wrestling
car_racing auto_racing
horseback_riding riding
equitation riding
stadium_jumping showjumping
cross-country_jumping cross-country_riding
tauromachy bullfighting
hunting hunt
deer_hunt deer_hunting
duck_hunting ducking
foxhunt fox_hunting
land farming
sportfishing fishing
trolling troll
cast casting
surf_fishing surf_casting
followup follow-up
road_game away_game
practice_game exhibition_game
play turn
chess_opening opening
counterplay counterattack
at-bat bat
video_game computer_game
pinball_game pinball
hare_and_hounds paper_chase
ring-around-a-rosy ring-around-the-rosy
ring-a-rosy ring-around-the-rosy
doubleheader twin_bill
double_feature twin_bill
tenpin_bowling tenpins
skittles ninepins
candlepin_bowling candlepins
bowls lawn_bowling
bocci bocce
boccie bocce
hockey ice_hockey
hockey_game ice_hockey
goalie goalkeeper
goaltender goalkeeper
netkeeper goalkeeper
golf_game golf
round round_of_golf
stroke_play medal_play
horseshoes quoits
shovelboard shuffleboard
hockey field_hockey
shinney shinny
football_game football
American_football_game american_football
rugby_football rugby
rugger rugby
ballgame ball_game
baseball_game baseball
no-hitter no-hit_game
1-hitter one-hitter
2-hitter two-hitter
3-hitter three-hitter
4-hitter four-hitter
5-hitter five-hitter
softball_game softball
stickball_game stickball
wrong_'un googly
bosie googly
bosie_ball googly
association_football soccer
dribbling dribble
squash_racquets squash
squash_rackets squash
volleyball_game volleyball
pelota jai_alai
battledore_and_shuttlecock battledore
basketball_game basketball
hoops basketball
tap-off tip-off
lawn_tennis tennis
break_of_serve break
real_tennis royal_tennis
court_tennis royal_tennis
blindman's_buff blindman's_bluff
cat_and_rat cat_and_mouse
hide_and_go_seek hide-and-seek
jackstones jacks
knucklebones jacks
spillikins jackstraws
mumble-the-peg mumblety-peg
going_to_Jerusalem musical_chairs
bopeep peekaboo
spin_the_platter spin_the_plate
cards card_game
cutting cut
high-low-jack all_fours
chemin_de_fer baccarat
beggar-my-neighbour beggar-my-neighbor
strip-Jack-naked beggar-my-neighbor
twenty-one blackjack
vingt-et-un blackjack
auction_bridge auction
contract_bridge contract
cassino casino
crib cribbage
five_hundred euchre
sevens fantan
parliament fantan
four-card_monte monte
three-card_monte monte
Chicago michigan
Newmarket michigan
boodle michigan
stops michigan
nap napoleon
pinocle pinochle
penuchle pinochle
bezique pinochle
poker_game poker
trente-et-quarante rouge_et_noir
rum rummy
patience solitaire
long_whist whist
short_whist whist
Black_Maria hearts
crapette russian_bank
gin_rummy gin
knock_rummy gin
basket_rummy canasta
meld canasta
draw_poker draw
penny_ante_poker penny_ante
stud_poker stud
auction_pitch pitch
old_sledge seven-up
Ping-Pong table_tennis
dominos dominoes
cannon carom
masse_shot masse
pocket_billiards pool
bar_billiards bagatelle
parlour_game parlor_game
draughts checkers
chess_game chess
Chinese_chequers chinese_checkers
go_game go
bingo lotto
beano lotto
keno lotto
mahjong mah-jongg
parchesi pachisi
parchisi pachisi
shove-halfpenny shovel_board
shove-ha'penny shovel_board
ticktacktoo ticktacktoe
tick-tack-toe ticktacktoe
tic-tac-toe ticktacktoe
tit-tat-toe ticktacktoe
noughts_and_crosses ticktacktoe
wager bet
perfecta exacta
gambling_game game_of_chance
fan_tan fantan
drawing lottery
numbers_game numbers_pool
numbers_racket numbers_pool
numbers numbers_pool
crapshoot crap_shooting
crap_game crap_shooting
conviviality merrymaking
jollification merrymaking
high_jinks jinks
hijinks jinks
high_jinx jinks
revelry revel
fling spree
tear bust
binge bust
bout bust
carousal carouse
bender carouse
toot carouse
booze-up carouse
debauch orgy
debauchery orgy
saturnalia orgy
riot orgy
bacchanal orgy
bacchanalia orgy
drunken_revelry orgy
Bacchanalia dionysia
frolic play
romp play
gambol play
caper play
capriole caper
flirting flirt
flirtation flirt
coquetry flirt
dalliance flirt
toying flirt
foolery folly
tomfoolery folly
craziness folly
lunacy folly
indulgence folly
mishegaas meshugaas
mishegoss meshugaas
clowning buffoonery
japery buffoonery
frivolity buffoonery
harlequinade buffoonery
prank buffoonery
schtik shtik
shtick shtik
schtick shtik
waggery drollery
leg-pulling leg-pull
distraction beguilement
night_life nightlife
solemnization celebration
solemnisation celebration
Olympic_Games olympian_games
fete festival
Kwanza kwanzaa
gala_affair gala
jamboree gala
blowout gala
secular_games ludi_saeculares
fair carnival
funfair carnival
Fat_Tuesday mardi_gras
floorshow cabaret
floor_show cabaret
intermezzo interlude
entr'acte interlude
exhibit display
showing display
presentment presentation
demonstration presentation
debunking repudiation
Buffalo_Bill's_Wild_West_Show wild_west_show
athletics sport
break_dance break_dancing
nauch nautch
nautch_dance nautch
pavan pavane
slam_dance slam_dancing
hoofing step_dancing
tap_dance tap_dancing
toe_dance toe_dancing
soft-shoe_shuffle soft-shoe
soft-shoe_dancing soft-shoe
choreography stage_dancing
concert_dance ballet
variation pas_seul
duet pas_de_deux
clog_dancing clog_dance
clog clog_dance
belly_dancing belly_dance
danse_du_ventre belly_dance
striptease strip
strip_show strip
interpretive_dancing interpretive_dance
interpretative_dance interpretive_dance
interpretative_dancing interpretive_dance
lindy_hop lindy
gypsy_dancing flamenco
tarantelle tarantella
step dance_step
sashay chasse
ballroom_dance ballroom_dancing
cha-cha-cha cha-cha
foxtrot fox-trot
cotilion cotillion
rhumba rumba
round_dancing round_dance
valse waltz
folk_dance folk_dancing
morris_dancing morris_dance
sword_dancing sword_dance
country_dancing country-dance
contredanse country-dance
contra_danse country-dance
contradance country-dance
longways_dance longways
reel virginia_reel
ring_dance round_dance
square_dancing square_dance
Scottish_reel reel
ritual_dance ritual_dancing
ceremonial_dance ritual_dancing
rhumba rumba
dance_of_death danse_macabre
hula-hula hula
Hawaiian_dancing hula
carillon bell_ringing
carillon_playing bell_ringing
vocalizing singing
a_capella_singing a_cappella_singing
strain song
cradlesong lullaby
scat_singing scat
playing acting
playacting acting
performing acting
characterization portrayal
enactment portrayal
personation portrayal
personation impersonation
mimicry apery
mockery parody
takeoff parody
method method_acting
pantomime mime
dumb_show mime
stage_business business
byplay business
schtik shtik
shtick shtik
schtick shtik
programme program
overacting hamming
sleight_of_hand prestidigitation
animation liveliness
carnival circus
disorganisation disorganization
perturbation disruption
breakdown dislocation
surprisal surprise
din commotion
ruction commotion
ruckus commotion
rumpus commotion
tumult commotion
furore furor
mayhem havoc
scrimmage melee
battle_royal melee
excitement agitation
turmoil agitation
upheaval agitation
hullabaloo agitation
tumultuous_disturbance outburst
violent_disorder rampage
derangement upset
overthrow upset
hustle bustle
flurry bustle
ado bustle
fuss bustle
stir bustle
fit burst
hurry haste
rush haste
rushing haste
bolt dash
scramble scamper
scurry scamper
manoeuvre maneuver
play maneuver
pass_completion completion
icing_the_puck icing
running run
running_play run
running_game run
draw_play draw
sweep end_run
rushing rush
passing_play pass
passing_game pass
passing pass
aerial forward_pass
flare flare_pass
lateral lateral_pass
block blocking
razzle razzle-dazzle
razzmatazz razzle-dazzle
razmataz razzle-dazzle
suicide_squeeze suicide_squeeze_play
safety_squeeze safety_squeeze_play
shot stroke
undercut cut
tennis_shot tennis_stroke
backhand_stroke backhand
backhand_shot backhand
chop_shot chop
dink drop_shot
forehand_stroke forehand
forehand_shot forehand
service serve
net_ball let
smash overhead
front_crawl crawl
Australian_crawl crawl
butterfly_stroke butterfly
swing baseball_swing
cut baseball_swing
golf_shot golf_stroke
swing golf_stroke
fade slice
slicing slice
draw hook
hooking hook
driving drive
putting putt
approach_shot approach
chip_shot chip
pitch_shot pitch
breeze cinch
picnic cinch
snap cinch
duck_soup cinch
child's_play cinch
pushover cinch
walkover cinch
piece_of_cake cinch
procedure operation
deeds works
attestation_report attestation_service
polishing shining
housekeeping housework
work_load workload
make-work busywork
unfinished_business loose_end
social_service welfare_work
business occupation
job occupation
line_of_work occupation
line occupation
biz game
calling career
vocation career
specialisation specialization
specialty specialization
speciality specialization
specialism specialization
specialisation specialization
spiritualisation spiritualization
walk walk_of_life
work employment
teleworking telecommuting
post position
berth position
office position
spot position
billet position
place position
situation position
episcopate bishopry
captaincy captainship
chaplainship chaplaincy
chieftainship chieftaincy
commandery commandership
councilorship councillorship
counsellorship counselorship
deanery deanship
generalcy generalship
judicature judgeship
legateship legation
magistrature magistracy
pastorate pastorship
prelature prelacy
presidentship presidency
President president_of_the_united_states
Chief_Executive president_of_the_united_states
proconsulate proconsulship
chair professorship
rectorate rectorship
Attorney_General_of_the_United_States attorney_general
Agriculture_Secretary secretary_of_agriculture
Commerce_Secretary secretary_of_commerce
Defense_Secretary secretary_of_defense
Education_Secretary secretary_of_education
Energy_Secretary secretary_of_energy
Labor_Secretary secretary_of_labor
Interior_Secretary secretary_of_the_interior
Treasury_Secretary secretary_of_the_treasury
Transportation_Secretary secretary_of_transportation
War_Secretary secretary_of_war
Navy_Secretary secretary_of_the_navy
seigneury seigniory
feudal_lordship seigniory
salt_mine treadmill
professional_life business_life
craft trade
cabinetry cabinetwork
woodworking carpentry
woodwork carpentry
mechanical_drawing drafting
interior_design interior_decoration
house_painting painting
pilotage piloting
plumbery plumbing
medium metier
practice_of_law law
practice_of_medicine medicine
committal_to_writing writing
coding cryptography
secret_writing cryptography
steganography cryptography
encryption encoding
decryption decoding
decipherment decoding
joinery cabinetmaking
pyrotechny pyrotechnics
shoe_repairing shoemaking
cobbling shoemaking
accounting accountancy
clerking bookkeeping
single-entry_bookkeeping single_entry
double-entry_bookkeeping double_entry
FIFO first_in_first_out
LIFO last_in_first_out
butchering butchery
labour labor
toil labor
plodding drudgery
grind drudgery
donkeywork drudgery
elbow_grease effort
exertion effort
travail effort
sweat effort
wrestling wrestle
grapple wrestle
grappling wrestle
hand-to-hand_struggle wrestle
hunting hunt
manual_labour manual_labor
overworking overwork
substituting subbing
difficulty trouble
least_resistance least_effort
straining strain
exercising exercise
physical_exercise exercise
physical_exertion exercise
workout exercise
exercise_set set
aerobic_exercise aerobics
anaerobic_exercise bodybuilding
muscle_building bodybuilding
musclebuilding bodybuilding
weightlifting weightlift
clean clean_and_jerk
military_press press
callisthenics calisthenics
callisthenics calisthenics
isometric_exercise isometrics
pubococcygeus_exercises kegel_exercises
stretching stretch
press-up pushup
chin-up pull-up
squat knee_bend
squatting knee_bend
leg_curling leg_curl
tummy_crunch stomach_exercise
family_medicine family_practice
empiricism quackery
diligence application
investigating investigation
counting count
numeration count
enumeration count
reckoning count
tally count
police_investigation police_work
detecting detection
detective_work detection
sleuthing detection
scrutiny examination
testing examination
enquiry inquiry
11-plus eleven-plus
somatic_cell_nuclear_transfer somatic_cell_nuclear_transplantation
SCNT somatic_cell_nuclear_transplantation
nuclear_transplantation somatic_cell_nuclear_transplantation
biomedical_cloning therapeutic_cloning
experimentation experiment
market_research marketing_research
ESR electron_spin_resonance
electron_paramagnetic_resonance electron_spin_resonance
research_project scientific_research
flexible_sigmoidoscopy sigmoidoscopy
study survey
time-and-motion_study time_and_motion_study
time-motion_study time_and_motion_study
motion_study time_and_motion_study
time_study time_and_motion_study
work_study time_and_motion_study
dark_field_illumination dark_ground_illumination
uranalysis urinalysis
qualitative_analysis chemical_analysis
quantitative_chemical_analysis quantitative_analysis
colorimetric_analysis colorimetry
fundamentals_analysis fundamental_analysis
technical_analysis_of_stock_trends technical_analysis
spectrometry spectroscopy
spectroscopic_analysis spectroscopy
spectrum_analysis spectroscopy
spectrographic_analysis spectroscopy
pheresis apheresis
haemodialysis hemodialysis
CBC complete_blood_count
blood_profile complete_blood_count
nose_count census
nosecount census
undercover_work spying
tap wiretap
attention care
aid care
tending care
baby_sitting babysitting
brushing brush
eye-drop eyedrop
medical_aid medical_care
intervention treatment
hospitalisation hospitalization
hospital_care hospitalization
heart_massage cardiac_massage
galvanism electrotherapy
electric_healing electrotherapy
electrical_healing electrotherapy
insolation heliotherapy
hormone-replacement_therapy hormone_replacement_therapy
HRT hormone_replacement_therapy
ionic_medication iontophoresis
iontotherapy iontophoresis
electromotive_drug_administration iontophoresis
EMDA iontophoresis
TLC tender_loving_care
skincare skin_care
suprarenalectomy adrenalectomy
appendicectomy appendectomy
cauterization cautery
cauterisation cautery
female_circumcision clitoridectomy
lap_choly laparoscopic_cholecystectomy
curettement curettage
vacuum_aspiration suction_curettage
dilatation_and_curettage dilation_and_curettage
D_and_C dilation_and_curettage
evisceration disembowelment
enterotomy enterostomy
surgery operation
surgical_operation operation
surgical_procedure operation
surgical_process operation
eye_surgery eye_operation
facelift face_lift
lift face_lift
face_lifting face_lift
cosmetic_surgery face_lift
rhytidectomy face_lift
rhytidoplasty face_lift
nip_and_tuck face_lift
coronary_bypass_surgery coronary_bypass
coronary_artery_bypass_graft coronary_bypass
CABG coronary_bypass
haemorrhoidectomy hemorrhoidectomy
haemostasis hemostasis
hemostasia hemostasis
haemostasia hemostasis
panhysterectomy radical_hysterectomy
section incision
surgical_incision incision
LASEK laser-assisted_subepithelial_keratomileusis
LASIK laser-assisted_in_situ_keratomileusis
corneal_graft keratoplasty
corneal_transplant keratoplasty
selective_lipectomy lipectomy
suction_lipectomy liposuction
callosectomy callosotomy
leukotomy lobotomy
leucotomy lobotomy
prefrontal_lobotomy lobotomy
prefrontal_leukotomy lobotomy
prefrontal_leucotomy lobotomy
frontal_lobotomy lobotomy
ovariectomy oophorectomy
orchiectomy orchidectomy
rhinoplasty nose_job
PPP palatopharyngoplasty
uvulopalatopharyngoplasty palatopharyngoplasty
UPPP palatopharyngoplasty
reconstructive_surgery plastic_surgery
anaplasty plastic_surgery
rectoplasty proctoplasty
transsexual_surgery sex-change_operation
purse-string_operation shirodkar's_operation
sterilisation sterilization
emasculation castration
fixing neutering
altering neutering
tracheotomy tracheostomy
transplantation transplant
organ_transplant transplant
TURP transurethral_resection_of_the_prostate
judicature administration
giving_medication administration
drugging sedation
clyster enema
colonic colonic_irrigation
bandaging dressing
binding dressing
shot injection
valvulotomy valvotomy
phlebotomy venesection
spinal_fusion fusion
faith_cure faith_healing
physiotherapy physical_therapy
physiatrics physical_therapy
herbal_therapy phytotherapy
botanical_medicine phytotherapy
behavior_modification behavior_therapy
desensitisation_technique desensitization_technique
desensitization_procedure desensitization_technique
desensitisation_procedure desensitization_technique
systematic_desensitization desensitization_technique
systematic_desensitisation desensitization_technique
flooding implosion_therapy
reciprocal-inhibition_therapy reciprocal_inhibition
group_psychotherapy group_therapy
analysis psychoanalysis
depth_psychology psychoanalysis
radiation_therapy radiotherapy
radiation radiotherapy
actinotherapy radiotherapy
irradiation radiotherapy
Curietherapy radium_therapy
shock_treatment shock_therapy
electroshock electroconvulsive_therapy
electroshock_therapy electroconvulsive_therapy
ECT electroconvulsive_therapy
insulin_shock_therapy insulin_shock
insulin_shock_treatment insulin_shock
metrazol_shock_therapy metrazol_shock
metrazol_shock_treatment metrazol_shock
digitalisation digitalization
stylostixis acupuncture
G-Jo acupressure
shiatsu acupressure
autogenic_training autogenic_therapy
autogenics autogenic_therapy
homoeopathy homeopathy
hydrotherapy hydropathy
stalking stalk
still_hunt stalk
detrition friction
rubbing friction
coating application
covering application
anointment anointing
galvanisation galvanization
taking pickings
stitching sewing
vasosection vasotomy
pavage paving
spattering spatter
splash spatter
splashing spatter
splattering spatter
tin-plating tinning
paperhanging papering
pargetting pargeting
daubing plastering
task job
chore job
ball-breaker ball-buster
office function
part function
role function
position stead
place stead
lieu stead
mound pitcher
first first_base
second second_base
short shortstop
third third_base
leftfield left_field
centerfield center_field
rightfield right_field
line_backer linebacker
signal_caller quarterback
field_general quarterback
schoolwork school_assignment
prep homework
preparation homework
example exercise
duty_assignment assignment
guard guard_duty
sentry_duty guard_duty
sentry_go guard_duty
fatigue fatigue_duty
missionary_work mission
dawah da'wah
charge mission
commission mission
martyr_operation suicide_mission
sacrifice_operation suicide_mission
service_abroad sea-duty
shipboard_duty sea-duty
shitwork scut_work
wrongful_conduct wrongdoing
misconduct wrongdoing
actus_reus wrongdoing
brutalisation brutalization
encroachment trespass
violation trespass
intrusion trespass
usurpation trespass
civil_wrong tort
misbehaviour misbehavior
misdeed misbehavior
juvenile_delinquency delinquency
mischief-making mischief
mischievousness mischief
deviltry mischief
devilry mischief
devilment mischief
rascality mischief
roguery mischief
roguishness mischief
shenanigan mischief
blaze hell
impropriety familiarity
indecorum familiarity
liberty familiarity
irregularity abnormality
deviance deviation
impropriety indecency
immodesty exhibitionism
fetichism fetishism
paedophilia pedophilia
zoophilism zoophilia
peccadillo indiscretion
carelessness negligence
neglect negligence
nonperformance negligence
culpable_negligence criminal_negligence
escape evasion
dodging evasion
skulking malingering
slacking shirking
soldiering shirking
goofing_off shirking
goldbricking shirking
wastefulness waste
dissipation waste
waste_of_energy waste_of_effort
prodigality extravagance
lavishness extravagance
highlife extravagance
high_life extravagance
legal_injury wrong
damage wrong
unfairness injustice
iniquity injustice
shabbiness injustice
evildoing transgression
immorality evil
wickedness evil
iniquity evil
devilry deviltry
violation irreverence
desecration profanation
blasphemy profanation
sacrilege profanation
turpitude depravity
porno pornography
porn pornography
erotica pornography
smut pornography
kiddie_porn child_pornography
kiddy_porn child_pornography
intemperateness intemperance
self-indulgence intemperance
intemperateness intemperance
harlotry prostitution
whoredom prostitution
dissipation profligacy
dissolution profligacy
licentiousness profligacy
looseness profligacy
drinking drink
boozing drink
drunkenness drink
crapulence drink
package_holiday package_tour
knavery dishonesty
betrayal treachery
treason treachery
perfidy treachery
double-crossing double_cross
quackery charlatanism
plagiarization plagiarism
plagiarisation plagiarism
piracy plagiarism
falsehood falsification
misrepresentation falsification
setup frame-up
overrefinement distortion
straining distortion
torture distortion
twisting distortion
tergiversation equivocation
prevarication lying
fabrication lying
paltering fibbing
deceit deception
dissembling deception
dissimulation deception
chicanery trickery
chicane trickery
guile trickery
wile trickery
shenanigan trickery
double-dealing duplicity
fraudulence fraud
dupery fraud
hoax fraud
humbug fraud
put-on fraud
cozenage scam
cheating cheat
illusion delusion
head_game delusion
pretence pretense
pretending pretense
simulation pretense
feigning pretense
show appearance
pretend make-believe
mannerism affectation
pose affectation
affectedness affectation
impersonation imposture
four_flush bluff
sinning sin
deadly_sin mortal_sin
superbia pride
invidia envy
greed avarice
covetousness avarice
rapacity avarice
avaritia avarice
laziness sloth
acedia sloth
anger wrath
ire wrath
ira wrath
overeating gluttony
gula gluttony
luxuria lust
act_of_terrorism terrorism
terrorist_act terrorism
biological_terrorism bioterrorism
cyberwar cyber-terrorism
ecological_terrorism ecoterrorism
eco-warfare ecoterrorism
ecological_warfare ecoterrorism
terrorisation terrorization
criminal_maintenance maintenance
offense crime
criminal_offense crime
criminal_offence crime
offence crime
law-breaking crime
assault_and_battery battery
highjack hijack
misdemeanour misdemeanor
infraction misdemeanor
violation misdemeanor
infringement misdemeanor
infringement violation
infringement_of_copyright copyright_infringement
technical technical_foul
disorderly_behavior disorderly_conduct
disturbance_of_the_peace disorderly_conduct
breach_of_the_peace disorderly_conduct
false_pretence false_pretense
public_nudity indecent_exposure
bearing_false_witness perjury
lying_under_oath perjury
commission perpetration
committal perpetration
violation rape
assault rape
ravishment rape
attempt attack
sexual_abuse sexual_assault
sex_crime sexual_assault
sex_offense sexual_assault
statutory_offence statutory_offense
regulatory_offense statutory_offense
regulatory_offence statutory_offense
seizure capture
snatch kidnapping
fraudulent_scheme racket
illegitimate_enterprise racket
graft bribery
peculation embezzlement
defalcation embezzlement
misapplication embezzlement
misappropriation embezzlement
legal_fraud constructive_fraud
collateral_fraud extrinsic_fraud
positive_fraud fraud_in_fact
bunco_game bunco
bunko bunco
bunko_game bunco
con bunco
confidence_trick bunco
confidence_game bunco
con_game bunco
gyp bunco
hustle bunco
sting bunco
flimflam bunco
cheat swindle
rig swindle
thimblerig shell_game
theft larceny
thievery larceny
thieving larceny
stealing larceny
shrinkage shoplifting
heist armed_robbery
holdup armed_robbery
stickup armed_robbery
high_treason treason
lese_majesty treason
job caper
dakoity dacoity
rip-off heist
hijacking highjacking
buccaneering piracy
grand_theft grand_larceny
petty_larceny petit_larceny
petty petit_larceny
tribute protection
break-in housebreaking
breaking_and_entering housebreaking
effort attempt
endeavor attempt
endeavour attempt
try attempt
play bid
fling crack
go crack
pass crack
whirl crack
offer crack
part contribution
share contribution
squeeze_play power_play
squeeze power_play
stab shot
nisus striving
pains striving
strain striving
battle struggle
scuffle scramble
trial test
run test
ELISA enzyme-linked-immunosorbent_serologic_assay
clinical_test clinical_trial
phase_I phase_i_clinical_trial
phase_II phase_ii_clinical_trial
phase_III phase_iii_clinical_trial
phase_IV phase_iv_clinical_trial
preclinical_test preclinical_trial
preclinical_phase preclinical_trial
trial test
tryout audition
try-on fitting
trying_on fitting
MOT_test mot
Ministry_of_Transportation_test mot
pilot_program pilot_project
project undertaking
task undertaking
labor undertaking
writing_assignment written_assignment
escapade adventure
risky_venture adventure
dangerous_undertaking adventure
endeavor enterprise
endeavour enterprise
labour_of_love labor_of_love
endurance_contest marathon
large_order tall_order
spelaeology speleology
cause campaign
crusade campaign
drive campaign
movement campaign
effort campaign
ad_campaign advertising_campaign
ad_blitz advertising_campaign
candidacy campaigning
candidature campaigning
electioneering campaigning
political_campaign campaigning
front-porch_campaign front-porch_campaigning
fund-raising_drive fund-raising_campaign
fund-raising_effort fund-raising_campaign
feminism feminist_movement
women's_liberation_movement feminist_movement
women's_lib feminist_movement
gay_lib gay_liberation_movement
youth_crusade youth_movement
sallying_forth sally
peril risk
danger risk
double doubling
federalisation federalization
regulating regulation
deregulating deregulation
regularization regulation
regularisation regulation
synchronisation synchronization
synchronizing synchronization
restriction limitation
ownership possession
keeping retention
holding retention
rectal_reflex defecation_reflex
stowing stowage
riot_control_operation riot_control
taking_hold grasping
seizing grasping
prehension grasping
clench clasp
clutch clasp
clutches clasp
grasp clasp
grip clasp
hold clasp
scissors_hold scissors
scissor_hold scissors
scissor_grip scissors
scissors_grip scissors
steerage steering
guidance steering
direction steering
pilotage navigation
piloting navigation
astronavigation celestial_navigation
inertial_navigation inertial_guidance
keeping guardianship
safekeeping guardianship
custody hands
saving preservation
overprotection momism
overshielding momism
censorship censoring
security_review censoring
safeguard precaution
guard precaution
security_measures security
defence defense
defence defense
vaccination inoculation
vaccinating inoculating
variolization variolation
self-defence self-defense
self-protection self-defense
jujitsu jujutsu
jiujitsu jujutsu
ninjitsu ninjutsu
taekwondo tae_kwon_do
tai_chi t'ai_chi
t'ai_chi_chuan t'ai_chi
tai_chi_chuan t'ai_chi
taichi t'ai_chi
taichichuan t'ai_chi
facing lining
lockup locking
accompaniment escort
grooming dressing
toilette toilet
immunisation immunization
sensitising sensitizing
sensitization sensitizing
sensitisation sensitizing
charge care
tutelage care
guardianship care
ruggedisation ruggedization
sealing waterproofing
wearing wear
internal_respiration respiration
cellular_respiration respiration
external_respiration breathing
respiration breathing
ventilation breathing
electrocardiography cardiography
CPR cardiopulmonary_resuscitation
cardiac_resuscitation cardiopulmonary_resuscitation
mouth-to-mouth_resuscitation cardiopulmonary_resuscitation
kiss_of_life cardiopulmonary_resuscitation
Heimlich_manoeuvere heimlich_maneuver
eupnoea eupnea
heaving panting
Cheyne-Stokes_respiration periodic_breathing
huffing puffing
snorting puffing
smoking smoke
expiration exhalation
breathing_out exhalation
puff blow
snoring snore
stertor snore
sniffle snuffle
snivel snuffle
inspiration inhalation
aspiration inhalation
intake inhalation
breathing_in inhalation
pant gasp
yawning yawn
oscitance yawn
oscitancy yawn
drag puff
pull puff
ingestion consumption
intake consumption
uptake consumption
feeding eating
chomp bite
browsing browse
coprophagia coprophagy
electrical_shock electric_shock
shock electric_shock
farting fart
flatus fart
wind fart
breaking_wind fart
drink swallow
deglutition swallow
draft gulp
draught gulp
swig gulp
gulping gulp
banqueting feasting
geophagia geophagy
grazing graze
surfeit repletion
savoring tasting
savouring tasting
relishing tasting
degustation tasting
pinch nip
necrophagy necrophagia
suck sucking
suction sucking
lactation suckling
imbibing drinking
imbibition drinking
swilling gulping
guzzling gulping
sexual_practice sexual_activity
sex sexual_activity
sex_activity sexual_activity
AI artificial_insemination
intercourse sexual_intercourse
sex_act sexual_intercourse
copulation sexual_intercourse
coitus sexual_intercourse
coition sexual_intercourse
sexual_congress sexual_intercourse
congress sexual_intercourse
sexual_relation sexual_intercourse
relation sexual_intercourse
carnal_knowledge sexual_intercourse
fucking fuck
screw fuck
screwing fuck
ass fuck
nooky fuck
nookie fuck
piece_of_ass fuck
piece_of_tail fuck
roll_in_the_hay fuck
shag fuck
shtup fuck
lovemaking sexual_love
making_love sexual_love
love sexual_love
love_life sexual_love
carnal_abuse statutory_rape
mating coupling
pairing coupling
conjugation coupling
union coupling
sexual_union coupling
criminal_congress unlawful_carnal_knowledge
free_love extramarital_sex
criminal_conversation adultery
fornication adultery
withdrawal_method coitus_interruptus
withdrawal coitus_interruptus
pulling_out coitus_interruptus
onanism coitus_interruptus
buggery sodomy
anal_sex sodomy
anal_intercourse sodomy
procreation reproduction
breeding reproduction
facts_of_life reproduction
crossbreeding miscegenation
interbreeding miscegenation
multiplication generation
propagation generation
biogeny biogenesis
hybridisation hybridization
crossbreeding hybridization
crossing hybridization
cross hybridization
interbreeding hybridization
hybridizing hybridization
reciprocal reciprocal_cross
test-cross testcross
birth_prevention birth_control
family_planning birth_control
contraceptive_method contraception
basal_body_temperature_method basal_body_temperature_method_of_family_planning
ovulation_method ovulation_method_of_family_planning
rhythm_method rhythm_method_of_birth_control
rhythm rhythm_method_of_birth_control
calendar_method_of_birth_control rhythm_method_of_birth_control
calendar_method rhythm_method_of_birth_control
service servicing
arousal foreplay
stimulation foreplay
cuddling caressing
fondling caressing
hugging caressing
kissing caressing
necking caressing
petting caressing
smooching caressing
snuggling caressing
sexual_perversion perversion
head oral_sex
cunnilinctus cunnilingus
fellation fellatio
blowjob cock_sucking
sixty-nine soixante-neuf
autoerotism autoeroticism
onanism masturbation
self-abuse self-stimulation
jerking_off jacking_off
hand_job jacking_off
wank jacking_off
promiscuousness promiscuity
sleeping_around promiscuity
homosexualism homosexuality
homoeroticism homosexuality
queerness homosexuality
gayness homosexuality
sexual_inversion inversion
sapphism lesbianism
heterosexualism heterosexuality
straightness heterosexuality
paederasty pederasty
zooerastia bestiality
zooerasty bestiality
catnap nap
cat_sleep nap
forty_winks nap
short_sleep nap
snooze nap
drowse doze
response reaction
GSR galvanic_skin_response
psychogalvanic_response galvanic_skin_response
electrodermal_response galvanic_skin_response
electrical_skin_response galvanic_skin_response
Fere_phenomenon galvanic_skin_response
Tarchanoff_phenomenon galvanic_skin_response
immune_reaction immune_response
immunologic_response immune_response
anamnestic_reaction anamnestic_response
reflex_response reflex
reflex_action reflex
instinctive_reflex reflex
innate_reflex reflex
inborn_reflex reflex
unconditioned_reflex reflex
physiological_reaction reflex
conditioned_reflex conditional_reflex
acquired_reflex conditional_reflex
conditional_reaction conditional_reflex
conditioned_reaction conditional_reflex
conditional_response conditional_reflex
conditioned_response conditional_reflex
learned_response learned_reaction
conditioned_avoidance_response conditioned_avoidance
knee-jerk_reflex knee_jerk
patellar_reflex knee_jerk
startle_reaction startle_response
Moro_reflex startle_reflex
flinch wince
passing passage
pupillary_reflex light_reflex
miosis light_reflex
myosis light_reflex
gag_reflex pharyngeal_reflex
gooseflesh pilomotor_reflex
goose_bump pilomotor_reflex
goosebump pilomotor_reflex
goose_pimple pilomotor_reflex
goose_skin pilomotor_reflex
horripilation pilomotor_reflex
jump startle
start startle
myotactic_reflex stretch_reflex
shiver tremble
shake tremble
weeping crying
tears crying
sniveling snivel
sobbing sob
bawling wailing
computation calculation
computing calculation
mathematical_operation mathematical_process
operation mathematical_process
times multiplication
minus subtraction
addition summation
plus summation
involution exponentiation
relaxation_method relaxation
judgement judgment
assessment judgment
rating evaluation
grading marking
scoring marking
estimation estimate
value_judgement value_judgment
pleximetry percussion
perception sensing
looking look
looking_at look
glimpse glance
coup_d'oeil glance
side-look side-glance
peep peek
regard gaze
glower glare
review inspection
rubber-necking sightseeing
observance observation
watching observation
vigil watch
continuous_receiver_watch listening_watch
outlook lookout
survey view
sight view
hearing listening
rehearing relistening
tasting taste
smelling smell
snuff sniff
instruction education
teaching education
pedagogy education
didactics education
educational_activity education
course_of_study course
course_of_instruction course
class course
extension_service extension
university_extension extension
instruction teaching
pedagogy teaching
ingraining inculcation
instilling inculcation
tuition tutelage
tutorship tutelage
elective elective_course
orientation orientation_course
propaedeutics propaedeutic
refresher refresher_course
shop shop_class
hypnopedia sleep-learning
lecturing lecture
preparation training
grooming training
practice exercise
drill exercise
practice_session exercise
recitation exercise
manual manual_of_arms
skull_practice skull_session
dry_run rehearsal
brushup review
modelling model
modeling model
dramatisation dramatization
street_theater guerrilla_theater
pageantry pageant
symbolising symbolizing
schematisation schematization
diagramming schematization
picturing pictorial_representation
delineation depiction
portrayal depiction
tomography imaging
X-radiation x-raying
computed_tomography computerized_tomography
CT computerized_tomography
computerized_axial_tomography computerized_tomography
computed_axial_tomography computerized_tomography
CAT computerized_tomography
ultrasonography sonography
echography sonography
ultrasound sonography
PET positron_emission_tomography
MRI magnetic_resonance_imaging
fMRI functional_magnetic_resonance_imaging
BOLD_FMRI blood-oxygenation_level_dependent_functional_magnetic_resonance_imaging
radiology radioscopy
picture_taking photography
X-ray_photography roentgenography
lymphography lymphangiography
IVP intravenous_pyelography
cinematography filming
motion-picture_photography filming
creative_activity creation
tatting lace_making
casting molding
needlecraft needlework
transcription recording
lip_synchronisation lip_synchronization
lip_synch lip_synchronization
lip_sync lip_synchronization
building construction
crenellation crenelation
erection erecting
assembly fabrication
dismantlement dismantling
disassembly dismantling
leveling grading
ship_building shipbuilding
overrun overproduction
yield output
apiculture beekeeping
agriculture farming
husbandry farming
tree_farming arboriculture
dairy_farming dairying
horticulture gardening
ploughing plowing
aquiculture hydroponics
tank_farming hydroponics
naturalisation naturalization
landscape_gardening landscaping
floriculture flower_gardening
harvest_time harvest
haying_time haying
excavation mining
opencast_mining strip_mining
drilling boring
oil_production boring
manufacture industry
industrialisation industrialization
industrial_enterprise industrialization
fashioning devising
making devising
cartography mapmaking
movie_making moviemaking
film_making moviemaking
manufacture fabrication
manufacturing fabrication
shaping formation
metalwork metalworking
rifling grooving
concoction confection
designing design
town_planning city_planning
urban_planning city_planning
programing programming
computer_programming programming
computer_programing programming
logic_programing logic_programming
object-oriented_programing object-oriented_programming
authorship writing
composition writing
penning writing
dramatisation dramatization
fictionalization fabrication
fictionalisation fabrication
novelisation novelization
realisation realization
actualization realization
actualisation realization
depersonalisation depersonalization
reification depersonalization
externalisation externalization
exteriorization externalization
exteriorisation externalization
hypostatisation hypostatization
reification hypostatization
incarnation personification
artistic_creation art
artistic_production art
draftsmanship drawing
drafting drawing
carving sculpture
modelling modeling
molding modeling
moulding modeling
water-color watercolor
watercolour watercolor
water-colour watercolor
etching engraving
composition composing
arranging arrangement
transcription arrangement
instrumentation orchestration
realisation realization
neology neologism
coinage neologism
contrivance devisal
conceptualisation conceptualization
formulation conceptualization
attack approach
plan_of_attack approach
digging excavation
dig excavation
cutting carving
boring drilling
paracentesis abdominocentesis
amnio amniocentesis
spinal_puncture lumbar_puncture
spinal_tap lumbar_puncture
thoracentesis thoracocentesis
foetoscopy fetoscopy
pricking prick
cutting film_editing
hunt search
hunting search
forage foraging
frisking frisk
looking_for looking
seeking quest
rummage ransacking
usage use
utilization use
utilisation use
employment use
exercise use
abuse misuse
drug_abuse substance_abuse
habit substance_abuse
alcoholic_abuse alcohol_abuse
alcoholism_abuse alcohol_abuse
development exploitation
water_project water_development
water_program water_development
practical_application application
engineering technology
automotive_engineering automotive_technology
high_tech high_technology
railroading rail_technology
maglev magnetic_levitation
overuse overexploitation
overutilization overexploitation
overutilisation overexploitation
capitalisation capitalization
commercialisation commercialization
capitalisation capitalization
market_capitalisation market_capitalization
unitisation unitization
action military_action
war_of_nerves psychological_warfare
conflict battle
fight battle
engagement battle
encirclement blockade
defence defense
defensive_measure defense
EW electronic_warfare
military_operation operation
sabre_rattling saber_rattling
struggle conflict
battle conflict
clash brush
encounter brush
skirmish brush
class_war class_struggle
class_warfare class_struggle
manoeuvre maneuver
simulated_military_operation maneuver
standoff repulsion
hasty_defence hasty_defense
deliberate_defence deliberate_defense
biological_defence biological_defense
biodefense biological_defense
biodefence biological_defense
chemical_defence chemical_defense
minelaying mining
insurrection rebellion
revolt rebellion
rising rebellion
uprising rebellion
insurgence insurgency
intifadah intifada
counterinsurgency pacification
Great_Revolt peasant's_revolt
armed_combat combat
hostility aggression
belligerency hostilities
force violence
pillage plundering
pillaging plundering
rapine rape
robbery looting
spoliation spoil
spoilation spoil
despoilation spoil
despoilment spoil
despoliation spoil
devastation ravaging
predation depredation
chemical_operations chemical_warfare
BW biological_warfare
biological_attack biological_warfare
biologic_attack biological_warfare
bioattack biological_warfare
biological_warfare_defence biological_warfare_defense
BW_defense biological_warfare_defense
BW_defence biological_warfare_defense
military_campaign campaign
military_expedition expedition
hostile_expedition expedition
military_mission mission
sally sortie
reinforcement support
reenforcement support
onslaught attack
onset attack
onrush attack
warfare war
air_attack air_raid
banzai_charge banzai_attack
diversionary_attack diversion
incursion penetration
blitzkrieg blitz
linebacker_blitzing safety_blitz
blitz safety_blitz
trap_play mousetrap
raid foray
maraud foray
preventive_attack preventive_strike
countermove counterattack
bombardment bombing
area_bombing carpet_bombing
saturation_bombing carpet_bombing
toss_bombing loft_bombing
offence offense
offensive offense
push_back rollback
peacekeeping_mission peacekeeping
peacekeeping_operation peacekeeping
intelligence_activity intelligence
intelligence_operation intelligence
combat_intelligence tactical_intelligence
SIGINT signals_intelligence
ELINT electronics_intelligence
COMINT communications_intelligence
TELINT telemetry_intelligence
psyop psychological_operation
reconnaissance_mission reconnaissance
recco recce
reccy recce
exploratory_survey scouting
reconnoitering scouting
reconnoitring scouting
firing fire
barrage_fire barrage
battery barrage
bombardment barrage
shelling barrage
salvo fusillade
volley fusillade
burst fusillade
covering_fire cover
massed_fire concentrated_fire
fratricide friendly_fire
geological_dating dating
carbon_dating radiocarbon_dating
carbon-14_dating radiocarbon_dating
cannon_fire artillery_fire
drumfire cannonade
ECM electronic_countermeasures
ECCM electronic_counter-countermeasures
ESM electronic_warfare-support_measures
bacteriological_warfare germ_warfare
IW information_warfare
jehad jihad
jehad jihad
international_jihad jihad
measuring measurement
measure measurement
mensuration measurement
plumbing bathymetry
standardization calibration
standardisation calibration
registration adjustment
readjustment adjustment
synchronisation synchronization
synchronizing synchronization
synchronising synchronization
foetometry fetometry
gravimetry hydrometry
hypsography hypsometry
graduation gradation
blending shading
divergency divergence
meter_reading reading
mental_test test
mental_testing test
psychometric_test test
IQ_test intelligence_test
projective_device projective_test
projective_technique projective_test
Rorschach_test rorschach
inkblot_test rorschach
TAT thematic_apperception_test
organisation organization
randomisation randomization
systematisation systematization
rationalization systematization
rationalisation systematization
formalisation formalization
ordering order
grading scaling
sequence succession
alphabetisation alphabetization
itemization listing
itemisation listing
inventorying inventory
stocktaking inventory
stock-taking inventory
stock-take stocktake
categorisation categorization
classification categorization
compartmentalization categorization
compartmentalisation categorization
assortment categorization
collecting collection
assembling collection
aggregation collection
compiling compilation
gathering gather
centralisation centralization
harvesting harvest
harvest_home harvest
shell_collecting conchology
garbage_pickup garbage_collection
trash_collection garbage_collection
trash_pickup garbage_collection
numismatology numismatics
coin_collecting numismatics
coin_collection numismatics
stamp_collecting philately
stamp_collection philately
territorialisation territorialization
supporting support
shoring_up shoring
propping_up shoring
dangling suspension
hanging suspension
continuation continuance
protraction prolongation
perpetuation prolongation
lengthening prolongation
repeating repetition
reiteration reduplication
gemination duplication
replication reproduction
instant_replay replay
action_replay replay
hi-fi high_fidelity
dynamic_headroom headroom
persistence perseverance
perseveration perseverance
prosecution pursuance
holdover hangover
discontinuation discontinuance
process procedure
chromosome_mapping mapping
standard_operating_procedure standing_operating_procedure
SOP standing_operating_procedure
standard_procedure standing_operating_procedure
red_tape bureaucratic_procedure
rigamarole rigmarole
modus_operandi routine
groove rut
chanoyu tea_ceremony
rite ritual
religious_ritual religious_ceremony
love_feast agape
exaltation deification
apotheosis deification
religious_rite rite
watch vigil
viewing wake
papism popery
Berit berith
Brith berith
Bris berith
Briss berith
naturism nudism
transvestitism transvestism
cross_dressing transvestism
religious_service service
divine_service service
church church_service
prayer_service prayer_meeting
chapel chapel_service
Lord's_Supper last_supper
Passover_supper seder
Eucharist holy_eucharist
sacrament_of_the_Eucharist holy_eucharist
Holy_Sacrament holy_eucharist
Liturgy holy_eucharist
Eucharistic_liturgy holy_eucharist
Lord's_Supper holy_eucharist
Holy_Communion communion
sacramental_manduction communion
manduction communion
espousal betrothal
wedding marriage
marriage_ceremony marriage
espousal bridal
sprinkling aspersion
extreme_unction anointing_of_the_sick
last_rites anointing_of_the_sick
canonisation canonization
religious_offering oblation
offering oblation
inunction unction
supplication prayer
Stations_of_the_Cross stations
benediction blessing
idolisation idolization
latria adoration
idol_worship idolatry
devotion idolatry
veneration idolatry
cultism idolatry
autolatry idiolatry
self-worship idiolatry
Bible-worship bibliolatry
grammatolatry verbolatry
word-worship verbolatry
symbololatry symbolatry
symbol-worship symbolatry
worship_of_man anthropolatry
gynaeolatry gyneolatry
woman-worship gyneolatry
miracle-worship thaumatolatry
place-worship topolatry
tree-worship arborolatry
worship_of_heavenly_bodies astrolatry
demonolatry diabolatry
devil-worship diabolatry
fire-worship pyrolatry
hierolatry hagiolatry
sun-worship heliolatry
animal-worship zoolatry
fish-worship ichthyolatry
serpent-worship ophiolatry
selenolatry moon-worship
activating energizing
activation energizing
resurgence revival
revitalization revival
revitalisation revival
revivification revival
Renaissance rebirth
Renascence rebirth
invigoration vivification
animation vivification
concealing concealment
hiding concealment
camouflage disguise
covering cover
screening cover
masking cover
blue_wall blue_wall_of_silence
wall_of_silence blue_wall_of_silence
burial burying
reburial reburying
smokescreen smoke_screen
stealing stealth
location placement
locating placement
position placement
positioning placement
emplacement placement
apposition juxtaposition
collocation juxtaposition
intervention interposition
residence residency
abidance residency
tenancy occupancy
inhabitation inhabitancy
habitation inhabitancy
encampment camping
bivouacking camping
tenting camping
visit sojourn
stopover stop
layover stop
supply provision
supplying provision
alimentation feeding
gavage forced_feeding
breast_feeding nursing
IV intravenous_feeding
TPN total_parenteral_nutrition
hyperalimentation total_parenteral_nutrition
refueling fueling
health_care healthcare
health_care_delivery healthcare_delivery
care_delivery healthcare_delivery
issuing issue
issuance issue
recess respite
break respite
time_out respite
waver hesitation
falter hesitation
faltering hesitation
halt freeze
waiting wait
ease rest
repose rest
relaxation rest
bed_rest bedrest
quiescency quiescence
dormancy quiescence
sleeping quiescence
idling idleness
loafing idleness
spare_time free_time
holdup delay
deferment postponement
deferral postponement
cunctation procrastination
shillyshally procrastination
lag slowdown
retardation slowdown
dawdling dalliance
trifling dalliance
interposition interjection
interpolation interjection
interpellation interjection
lingering tarriance
abruption breaking_off
barracking heckling
ascesis asceticism
celibacy chastity
sexual_abstention chastity
self-discipline self-denial
self-control self-denial
temperance sobriety
teetotalism teetotaling
fasting fast
dieting diet
suppression inhibition
leniency lenience
mercifulness clemency
mercy clemency
delectation enjoyment
mourning lamentation
head_trip self-gratification
indulging indulgence
pampering indulgence
humoring indulgence
excess overindulgence
binge orgy
splurge orgy
hinderance hindrance
interference hindrance
closure blockage
occlusion blockage
besieging siege
beleaguering siege
military_blockade siege
stalling stall
stoppage stop
bar prevention
non-proliferation nonproliferation
forestalling obviation
preclusion obviation
crushing suppression
quelling suppression
stifling suppression
recusal recusation
alliance confederation
fraternisation fraternization
decolonisation decolonization
apportionment allotment
apportioning allotment
allocation allotment
parceling allotment
parcelling allotment
assignation allotment
reapportionment reallotment
reallocation reallotment
portion parcel
share parcel
share-out sharing
unselfishness generosity
gift giving
bestowment bestowal
conferral bestowal
conferment bestowal
accordance_of_rights accordance
welfare social_welfare
public_assistance social_welfare
social_assistance supplementary_benefit
national_assistance supplementary_benefit
pogy dole
pogey dole
philanthropic_gift philanthropy
donation contribution
almsgiving alms-giving
commercialism commerce
mercantilism commerce
NAFTA north_american_free_trade_agreement
interchange exchange
unitisation unitization
loaning lending
takeover_arbitrage risk_arbitrage
IPO initial_public_offering
initial_offering initial_public_offering
business_enterprise commercial_enterprise
business commercial_enterprise
commercial_activity business_activity
patronage trade
field_of_operation field
line_of_business field
marketplace market
market_place market
buyers'_market buyer's_market
soft_market buyer's_market
gray_market grey_market
sellers'_market seller's_market
employee-owned_business employee-owned_enterprise
funding financing
investment investing
leveraging leverage
floatation flotation
co-op cooperative
publicizing advertising
circularisation circularization
publishing publication
republishing republication
serialisation serialization
rotogravure photogravure
publication issue
meat_packing meatpacking
meat-packing_business meatpacking
unitisation unitization
agriculture agribusiness
factory_farm agribusiness
building construction
shipping transportation
transport transportation
air_transport air_transportation
trucking hauling
truckage hauling
carting cartage
freightage freight
expressage express
ferrying ferry
dealing transaction
dealings transaction
international_affairs world_affairs
trading_operations operations
transference transfer
conveyance_of_title conveyance
conveyancing conveyance
conveying conveyance
livery delivery
legal_transfer delivery
lease-lend lend-lease
secularisation secularization
swap barter
swop barter
trade barter
horse_trading horse_trade
trade deal
business_deal deal
renting rental
importation importing
exportation exporting
merchandising selling
marketing selling
channel distribution_channel
drug_trafficking drug_traffic
narcotraffic drug_traffic
barratry simony
slave_traffic slave_trade
teleselling telemarketing
telecommerce telemarketing
peddling vending
hawking vending
vendition vending
viscosimetry viscometry
cut-rate_sale sale
sales_event sale
fair bazaar
bookfair book_fair
boot_sale car_boot_sale
inventory-clearance_sale clearance_sale
yard_sale garage_sale
realisation realization
jumble_sale rummage_sale
defrayal payment
defrayment payment
nonpayment evasion
amortisation amortization
repayment refund
disbursement spending
disbursal spending
outlay spending
expenditure expending
compensatory_spending deficit_spending
pump_priming deficit_spending
amortisation amortization
governing government
governance government
government_activity government
administration government
misrule misgovernment
legislating legislation
lawmaking legislation
criminalisation criminalization
decriminalisation decriminalization
wine_making winemaking
viniculture viticulture
passage enactment
implementation execution
carrying_out execution
infliction imposition
trade_protection protection
subordination mastery
monopolisation monopolization
socialisation socialization
acculturation socialization
enculturation socialization
bringing_up breeding
fostering breeding
fosterage breeding
nurture breeding
raising breeding
rearing breeding
upbringing breeding
responsibility duty
obligation duty
civic_responsibility civic_duty
ordinary_care due_care
reasonable_care due_care
respect obedience
military_control occupation
direction management
misdirection mismanagement
handling treatment
supervising supervision
superintendence supervision
oversight supervision
disposal administration
organisation organization
nonprofit nonprofit_organization
not-for-profit nonprofit_organization
rationalisation rationalization
reorganisation reorganization
shake-up reorganization
shakeup reorganization
self-organisation self-organization
authorisation authorization
empowerment authorization
permission license
permit license
enfranchisement certification
commissioning commission
delegation delegating
relegating delegating
relegation delegating
deputation delegating
devolvement devolution
congee conge
channelisation channelization
canalization channelization
canalisation channelization
canalisation canalization
readying preparation
redisposition redeployment
programming scheduling
programing scheduling
turnround turnaround
tune-up warm-up
prolusion warm-up
steering guidance
coup coup_d'etat
putsch coup_d'etat
takeover coup_d'etat
leash collar
check bridle
curb bridle
immobilisation immobilization
immobilizing immobilization
internment imprisonment
curtailment suppression
confinement restriction
specification stipulation
deprivation privation
pauperisation pauperization
impoverishment pauperization
starving starvation
calming appeasement
mollification pacification
conciliation placation
propitiation placation
internationalisation internationalization
nationalisation nationalization
communization nationalization
communisation nationalization
denationalisation denationalization
privatization denationalization
privatisation denationalization
nationalisation nationalization
nationalisation nationalization
detribalisation detribalization
collectivisation collectivization
communisation communization
communisation communization
favoritism discrimination
favouritism discrimination
ablism ableism
able-bodiedism ableism
able-bodism ableism
agism ageism
fatism fattism
racialism racism
racial_discrimination racism
secularisation secularization
chauvinism male_chauvinism
antifeminism male_chauvinism
mobilisation mobilization
militarization mobilization
militarisation mobilization
armament arming
equipping arming
disarmament disarming
muster conscription
draft conscription
selective_service conscription
levy_en_masse levy
demobilisation demobilization
remilitarisation remilitarization
standardisation standardization
normalization standardization
normalisation standardization
stabilisation stabilization
destabilisation destabilization
stylisation stylization
conventionalisation conventionalization
penalty punishment
penalization punishment
penalisation punishment
thrashing beating
licking beating
drubbing beating
lacing beating
trouncing beating
whacking beating
chastisement castigation
correction discipline
medicine music
tanning whipping
flogging whipping
lashing whipping
flagellation whipping
executing execution
capital_punishment execution
death_penalty execution
gantlet gauntlet
lapidation stoning
burning_at_the_stake burning
burning electrocution
beheading decapitation
self-mortification penance
self-abasement penance
committal commitment
consignment commitment
re-sentencing commutation
interchange exchange
exchange rally
trade-off tradeoff
compliance submission
obeisance obedience
crosscurrent countercurrent
contention competition
rivalry competition
opposition confrontation
discordance discord
public_violence riot
contravention dispute
fighting fight
combat fight
scrap fight
impact shock
scuffle hassle
tussle hassle
dogfight hassle
rough-and-tumble hassle
affaire_d'honneur duel
fisticuffs fistfight
slugfest fistfight
thrust stab
knife_thrust stab
straight_thrust lunge
passado lunge
pound hammer
hammering hammer
pounding hammer
banging battering
whipping beating
disturbance affray
fray affray
ruffle affray
free-for-all brawl
snickersnee knife_fight
cut-and-thrust knife_fight
gang_fight rumble
objection protest
dissent protest
manifestation demonstration
rebelliousness insubordination
noncompliance disobedience
due_process_of_law due_process
action legal_action
action_at_law legal_action
suit lawsuit
case lawsuit
cause lawsuit
causa lawsuit
class-action_suit class_action
bastardy_proceeding paternity_suit
legal_proceeding proceeding
proceedings proceeding
judicial_proceeding litigation
notification presentment
naturalisation naturalization
judgement judgment
judicial_decision judgment
confession_of_judgement confession_of_judgment
cognovit_judgment confession_of_judgment
cognovit_judgement confession_of_judgment
default_judgement default_judgment
judgment_by_default default_judgment
judgement_by_default default_judgment
non_pros non_prosequitur
final_decision final_judgment
judgment_of_conviction conviction
condemnation conviction
sentence conviction
judgement_in_personam judgment_in_personam
personal_judgment judgment_in_personam
personal_judgement judgment_in_personam
judgement_in_rem judgment_in_rem
judgement_of_dismissal judgment_of_dismissal
dismissal judgment_of_dismissal
judgement_on_the_merits judgment_on_the_merits
summary_judgement summary_judgment
judgment_on_the_pleadings summary_judgment
judgement_on_the_pleadings summary_judgment
arbitrament arbitration
arbitrement arbitration
ruling opinion
officiation umpirage
officiating umpirage
refereeing umpirage
finding_of_fact verdict
conclusion_of_law finding_of_law
dispossession eviction
legal_ouster eviction
constructive_eviction eviction
legalisation legalization
legitimation legalization
trial_by_ordeal ordeal
criminal_prosecution prosecution
test_suit test_case
defence defense
denial defense
demurrer defense
divorcement divorce
separation legal_separation
closing_off isolation
sequestration segregation
integrating integration
desegregation integration
separatism separationism
conformation conformity
compliance conformity
abidance conformity
observance honoring
nonconformance nonconformity
coaction collaboration
collaborationism collaboration
quislingism collaboration
via_media compromise
concurrency concurrence
rapprochement reconciliation
self-sacrifice selflessness
allegiance commitment
loyalty commitment
dedication commitment
fetich fetish
assist aid
assistance aid
help aid
helping_hand hand
resort recourse
refuge recourse
succor relief
succour relief
ministration relief
ill_service disservice
ill_turn disservice
child_care childcare
public_service community_service
day_care daycare
helpdesk help_desk
encouragement boost
morale_booster morale_building
comfort consolation
solace consolation
simplism oversimplification
rationalisation rationalization
adherence attachment
adhesion attachment
cabalism kabbalism
backup backing
championship backing
patronage backing
protagonism advocacy
insistency insistence
protection auspices
aegis auspices
indorsement endorsement
approval blessing
approving blessing
sustentation sustenance
sustainment sustenance
maintenance sustenance
upkeep sustenance
logistic_assistance logistic_support
international_logistic_support mutual_aid
interagency_support interdepartmental_support
engagement employment
reservation booking
appreciation admiration
idolization adoration
idolisation adoration
idealisation idealization
glorification idealization
sentimentalisation sentimentalization
romanticization sentimentalization
romanticisation sentimentalization
reinforcement reward
dispraise disparagement
denigration deprecation
calumny aspersion
slander aspersion
defamation aspersion
denigration aspersion
behaviour behavior
conduct behavior
doings behavior
behaviour behavior
irritation aggravation
provocation aggravation
intimidation bullying
terrorisation terrorization
frightening terrorization
taunt twit
taunting twit
hell_raising raising_hell
stigmatisation stigmatization
branding stigmatization
offense discourtesy
offence discourtesy
offensive_activity discourtesy
ridicule derision
affront insult
scandalisation scandalization
outrage scandalization
slight rebuff
cut snub
cold_shoulder snub
the_ways_of_the_world the_way_of_the_world
benefaction benevolence
favour favor
good_turn turn
pardon forgiveness
civility politeness
respect deference
homage court
thoughtfulness consideration
assemblage assembly
gathering assembly
mobilisation mobilization
economic_mobilisation economic_mobilization
calling_together convocation
coming_together meeting
tryst assignation
congregating congregation
convening convention
class_period course_session
recitation course_session
socialisation socialization
socializing socialization
socialising socialization
attending attendance
appearing appearance
coming_into_court appearance
hooky truancy
paying_back return
getting_even return
payment requital
revenge retaliation
retribution vengeance
payback vengeance
warfare war
blood_feud vendetta
democratisation democratization
integration consolidation
centralisation centralization
decentralisation decentralization
merger amalgamation
uniting amalgamation
vertical_combination vertical_integration
horizontal_combination horizontal_integration
participation engagement
involvement engagement
involution engagement
nonparticipation non-engagement
non-involvement non-engagement
intercession intervention
intermediation mediation
invalidation annulment
exoneration vindication
nonviolent_resistance passive_resistance
nonviolence passive_resistance
work_stoppage strike
sit-down_strike sit-down
sympathetic_strike sympathy_strike
untangling unsnarling
disentanglement unsnarling
extrication unsnarling
liquidation extermination
race_murder genocide
racial_extermination genocide
final_solution holocaust
roll cast
toss flip
coup_de_main surprise_attack
ambuscade ambush
lying_in_wait ambush
trap ambush
betise stupidity
folly stupidity
foolishness stupidity
imbecility stupidity
admittance admission
matric matriculation
pardon amnesty
free_pardon amnesty
hooliganism vandalism
malicious_mischief vandalism
ceding_back recession
transubstantiation transmutation
selective_jamming spot_jamming
electronic_manipulative_deception manipulative_electronic_deception
electronic_simulative_deception simulative_electronic_deception
electronic_imitative_deception imitative_electronic_deception
permissive_waste waste
colonisation colonization
settlement colonization
relocation resettlement
emanation emission
venting discharge
electronic_jamming jamming
jam jamming
harmonisation harmonization
winnowing winnow
sifting winnow
chanting intonation
hymnody psalmody
singsong singalong
solfeggio solfege
solfege solmization
solfeggio solmization
leading leadership
precedence precession
precedency precession
flowage flood
respite reprieve
renege revoke
trumping ruff
wakening awakening
waking_up awakening
immobilisation immobilization
hell sin
excitement excitation
chiller hair-raiser
incitement incitation
inflaming inflammation
stirring inspiration
galvanisation galvanization
disforestation deforestation
spoiling spoil
spoilage spoil
swerving swerve
veering swerve
face_saving face_saver
enlisting recruitment
consultation reference
accenting emphasizing
accentuation emphasizing
outlet release
vent release
jump-start jumpstart
obfuscation mystification
promulgation proclamation
socialisation socialization
stabilisation stabilization
vulgarisation vulgarization
xenotransplantation xenotransplant
Aegadean_Isles aegates_isles
Aegospotamos aegospotami
battle_of_Atlanta atlanta
battle_of_Austerlitz austerlitz
Corregidor bataan
Battle_of_the_Bulge battle_of_the_ardennes_bulge
Ardennes_counteroffensive battle_of_the_ardennes_bulge
Belleau_Wood battle_of_the_marne
Chateau-Thierry battle_of_the_marne
Marne_River battle_of_the_marne
battle_of_the_Bismarck_Sea bismarck_sea
battle_of_Boyne boyne
battle_of_Brunanburh brunanburh
Battle_of_Bull_Run bull_run
battle_of_Bunker_Hill bunker_hill
battle_of_Caporetto caporetto
Chalons-sur-Marne chalons
battle_of_Chattanooga chattanooga
battle_of_Chickamauga chickamauga
Sino-Japanese_War chino-japanese_war
battle_of_the_Coral_Sea coral_sea
battle_of_Cowpens cowpens
battle_of_Crecy crecy
battle_of_Cunaxa cunaxa
battle_of_Cynoscephalae cynoscephalae
Dardanelles_campaign dardanelles
Dunkerque dunkirk
Al_Alamayn el_alamein
Battle_of_El_Alamein el_alamein
Battle_of_Flodden_Field flodden
Battle_of_Fontenoy fontenoy
Ticonderoga fort_ticonderoga
Battle_of_Fredericksburg fredericksburg
Battle_of_Gettysburg gettysburg
Battle_of_Granicus_River granicus
Battle_of_Guadalcanal guadalcanal
battle_of_Hastings hastings
battle_of_Hohenlinden hohenlinden
Sepoy_Mutiny indian_mutiny
battle_of_Ipsus ipsus
battle_of_Issus issus
battle_of_Ivry ivry
Ivry_la_Bataille ivry
Iwo_Jima iwo
invasion_of_Iwo iwo
Battle_of_Jena jena
battle_of_Jutland jutland
Battle_of_Lake_Trasimenus lake_trasimenus
battle_of_Langside langside
Battle_of_Lepanto lepanto
battle_of_Leuctra leuctra
Concord lexington
Lexington_and_Concord lexington
Leyte_Island leyte
Leyte_invasion leyte
Battle_of_Little_Bighorn little_bighorn
Battle_of_the_Little_Bighorn little_bighorn
Custer's_Last_Stand little_bighorn
battle_of_Lule_Burgas lule_burgas
battle_of_Lutzen lutzen
Battle_of_Magenta magenta
Battle_of_Maldon maldon
Mantineia mantinea
battle_of_Marathon marathon
battle_of_Marston_Moor marston_moor
Meuse_River meuse
Argonne meuse
Argonne_Forest meuse
Meuse-Argonne meuse
Meuse-Argonne_operation meuse
Battle_of_Midway midway
battle_of_Minden minden
Battle_of_Monmouth_Court_House monmouth_court_house
Battle_of_Monmouth monmouth_court_house
Battle_of_Naseby naseby
battle_of_Navarino navarino
Okinawa_campaign okinawa
battle_of_Omdurman omdurman
siege_of_Orleans orleans
battle_of_Panipat panipat
Cape_Passero passero
Petersburg_Campaign petersburg
battle_of_Pharsalus pharsalus
battle_of_Philippi philippi
battle_of_the_Philippine_Sea philippine_sea
battle_of_Plassey plassey
battle_of_Plataea plataea
Pleven plevna
battle_of_Poitiers poitiers
Battle_of_Pydna pydna
Battle_of_Ravenna ravenna
Battle_of_Rocroi rocroi
battle_of_Rossbach rossbach
St_Mihiel saint-mihiel
battle_of_St_Mihiel saint-mihiel
Santiago_de_Cuba santiago
battle_of_Saratoga saratoga
battle_of_Sempatch sempatch
battle_of_Shiloh shiloh
battle_of_Pittsburgh_Landing shiloh
battle_of_Soissons-Reims soissons
battle_of_the_Chemin-des-Dames soissons
battle_of_the_Aisne soissons
battle_of_Solferino solferino
Somme_River somme
Battle_of_the_Somme somme
Somme_River somme
Battle_of_the_Somme somme
battle_of_Spotsylvania_Courthouse spotsylvania
siege_of_Syracuse syracuse
siege_of_Syracuse syracuse
battle_of_Tannenberg tannenberg
Makin tarawa
Tarawa-Makin tarawa
battle_of_Tertry tertry
battle_of_Teutoburger_Wald teutoburger_wald
battle_of_Tewkesbury tewkesbury
battle_of_Thermopylae thermopylae
battle_of_Trafalgar trafalgar
battle_of_Trasimeno trasimeno
battle_of_Valmy valmy
battle_of_Verdun verdun
siege_of_Vicksburg vicksburg
battle_of_Wagram wagram
Battle_of_Wake_Island battle_of_wake
Battle_of_Waterloo waterloo
siege_of_Yorktown yorktown
battle_of_Ypres ypres
first_battle_of_Ypres ypres
battle_of_Ypres ypres
second_battle_of_Ypres ypres
battle_of_Ypres ypres
third_battle_of_Ypres ypres
battle_of_Zama zama
United_States_Civil_War american_civil_war
War_between_the_States american_civil_war
American_Revolutionary_War american_revolution
War_of_American_Independence american_revolution
American_War_of_Independence american_revolution
Six-Day_War arab-israeli_war
Six_Day_War arab-israeli_war
Yom_Kippur_War arab-israeli_war
Glorious_Revolution english_revolution
Bloodless_Revolution english_revolution
Gulf_War iran-iraq_war
Gulf_War persian_gulf_war
February_Revolution russian_revolution
October_Revolution russian_revolution
Spanish_War spanish-american_war
Vietnam vietnam_war
War_of_the_League_of_Augsburg war_of_the_grand_alliance
Wars_of_the_Roses war_of_the_roses
World_War_1 world_war_i
Great_War world_war_i
First_World_War world_war_i
War_to_End_War world_war_i
World_War_2 world_war_ii
Second_World_War world_war_ii
kingdom_Animalia animalia
animal_kingdom animalia
homoiotherm homeotherm
homotherm homeotherm
ectotherm poikilotherm
varment varmint
bottom-dweller bottom-feeder
jument beast_of_burden
sumpter pack_animal
domesticated_animal domestic_animal
moulter molter
marine_creature marine_animal
sea_animal marine_animal
sea_creature marine_animal
bycatch by-catch
offspring young
whelp pup
wolf_cub wolf_pup
young_carnivore cub
purebred thoroughbred
pureblood thoroughbred
animalculum animalcule
micro-organism microorganism
crossbreed hybrid
cross hybrid
congener relative
congenator relative
congeneric relative
arborvirus arbovirus
West_Nile_encephalitis_virus west_nile_virus
smallpox_virus variola_virus
variola_major_virus variola_major
variola_minor_virus variola_minor
TMV tobacco_mosaic_virus
virusoid viroid
phage bacteriophage
HTLV-1 human_t-cell_leukemia_virus-1
HIV human_immunodeficiency_virus
Coxsackie_virus coxsackievirus
herpes_virus herpes
herpes_simplex_virus herpes_simplex
HS1 herpes_simplex_1
HSV-1 herpes_simplex_1
HSV-I herpes_simplex_1
HS2 herpes_simplex_2
HSV-2 herpes_simplex_2
HSV-II herpes_simplex_2
herpes_zoster_virus herpes_zoster
herpes_varicella_zoster_virus herpes_varicella_zoster
EBV epstein-barr_virus
CMV cytomegalovirus
polyoma_virus polyoma
parvo parvovirus
kingdom_Monera monera
Prokayotae monera
kingdom_Prokaryotae monera
moneron moneran
archaebacterium archaebacteria
archaeobacteria archaebacteria
archeobacteria archaebacteria
halophil halophile
halobacterium halobacteria
halobacter halobacteria
bacterium bacteria
acidophile acidophil
probiotic_bacterium probiotic
probiotic_microflora probiotic
probiotic_flora probiotic
B bacillus
anthrax_bacillus bacillus_anthracis
Bacillus_globigii bacillus_subtilis
grass_bacillus bacillus_subtilis
hay_bacillus bacillus_subtilis
cocci coccus
spirilla spirillum
genus_Heliobacter heliobacter
H._pylori heliobacter_pylori
genus_Aerobacter aerobacter
family_Rhizobiaceae rhizobiaceae
genus_Rhizobium rhizobium
genus_Agrobacterium agrobacterium
eubacterium eubacteria
true_bacteria eubacteria
order_Eubacteriales eubacteriales
family_Bacillaceae bacillaceae
clostridia clostridium
botulinum botulinus
Clostridium_botulinum botulinus
division_Cyanophyta cyanophyta
division_Schizophyta schizophyta
class_Schizomycetes schizomycetes
Cyanophyceae class_cyanobacteria
class_Cyanophyceae class_cyanobacteria
blue-green_algae cyanobacteria
family_Myxophyceae myxophyceae
Schizophyceae myxophyceae
family_Schizophyceae myxophyceae
family_Nostocaceae nostocaceae
family_Oscillatoriaceae oscillatoriaceae
phototropic_bacteria phototrophic_bacteria
order_Pseudomonadales pseudomonadales
family_Pseudomonodaceae pseudomonodaceae
genus_Pseudomonas pseudomonas
Pseudomonas_solanacearum ring_rot_bacteria
genus_Xanthomonas xanthomonas
family_Athiorhodaceae athiorhodaceae
family_Nitrobacteriaceae nitrobacteriaceae
genus_Nitrobacter nitrobacter
nitrobacteria nitric_bacteria
genus_Nitrosomonas nitrosomonas
nitrous_bacteria nitrosobacteria
family_Thiobacteriaceae thiobacteriaceae
sulphur_bacteria thiobacteria
sulfur_bacteria thiobacteria
family_Spirillaceae spirillaceae
Spirillum_minus ratbite_fever_bacterium
vibrion vibrio
Vibrio_comma comma_bacillus
family_Bacteroidaceae bacteroidaceae
genus_Bacteroides bacteroides
genus_Calymmatobacterium calymmatobacterium
genus_Francisella francisella
Neisseria_gonorrhoeae gonococcus
family_Corynebacteriaceae corynebacteriaceae
C._diphtheriae corynebacterium_diphtheriae
Klebs-Loeffler_bacillus corynebacterium_diphtheriae
L._monocytogenes listeria_monocytogenes
family_Enterobacteriaceae enterobacteriaceae
enterobacteria enteric_bacteria
enterics enteric_bacteria
entric enteric_bacteria
E._coli escherichia_coli
Gartner's_bacillus salmonella_enteritidis
Salmonella_typhosa typhoid_bacillus
Salmonella_typhi typhoid_bacillus
Serratia genus_serratia
Shigella_dysentariae shiga_bacillus
order_Rickettsiales rickettsiales
family_Rickettsiaceae rickettsiaceae
WTV wound_tumor_virus
family_Chlamydiaceae chlamydiaceae
C._psittaci chlamydia_psittaci
C._trachomatis chlamydia_trachomatis
order_Mycoplasmatales mycoplasmatales
family_Mycoplasmataceae mycoplasmataceae
PPLO pleuropneumonialike_organism
legionella legionella_pneumophilia
nitric_bacterium nitrate_bacterium
nitrous_bacterium nitrite_bacterium
order_Actinomycetales actinomycetales
family_Actinomycetaceae actinomycetaceae
family_Streptomycetaceae streptomycetaceae
Streptomyces_scabies potato_scab_bacteria
family_Mycobacteriaceae mycobacteriaceae
mycobacterium mycobacteria
Mycobacterium_tuberculosis tubercle_bacillus
Mycobacterium_leprae leprosy_bacillus
Myxobacterales order_myxobacteria
order_Myxobacterales order_myxobacteria
Myxobacteriales order_myxobacteria
order_Myxobacteriales order_myxobacteria
family_Polyangiaceae polyangiaceae
Myxobacteriaceae polyangiaceae
family_Myxobacteriaceae polyangiaceae
genus_Polyangium polyangium
myxobacterium myxobacteria
myxobacter myxobacteria
gliding_bacteria myxobacteria
slime_bacteria myxobacteria
family_Micrococcaceae micrococcaceae
genus_Micrococcus micrococcus
staphylococci staphylococcus
staph staphylococcus
family_Lactobacillaceae lactobacillaceae
Lactobacteriaceae lactobacillaceae
family_Lactobacteriaceae lactobacillaceae
Lactobacillus_acidophilus acidophilus
Diplococcus_pneumoniae pneumococcus
streptococci streptococcus
strep streptococcus
order_Spirochaetales spirochaetales
family_Spirochaetaceae spirochaetaceae
genus_Spirochaeta spirochaeta
spirochaete spirochete
family_Treponemataceae treponemataceae
Lime_disease_spirochete borrelia_burgdorferi
bug microbe
germ microbe
entoparasite endoparasite
entozoan endoparasite
entozoon endoparasite
endozoan endoparasite
ectozoan ectoparasite
ectozoon ectoparasite
epizoan ectoparasite
epizoon ectoparasite
kingdom_Protoctista protoctista
division_Protista protista
protistan protist
phylum_Pyrrophyta pyrrophyta
phylum_Protozoa protozoa
protozoon protozoan
class_Sarcodina sarcodina
sarcodine sarcodinian
subclass_Actinopoda actinopoda
order_Heliozoa heliozoa
order_Radiolaria radiolaria
subclass_Rhizopoda rhizopoda
rhizopodan rhizopod
order_Amoebida amoebida
Amoebina amoebida
order_Amoebina amoebida
family_Endamoebidae endamoebidae
genus_Endamoeba endamoeba
amoeba ameba
order_Foraminifera foraminifera
foraminifer foram
family_Globigerinidae globigerinidae
family_Nummulitidae nummulitidae
order_Testacea testacea
family_Arcellidae arcellidae
class_Ciliata ciliata
Ciliophora ciliata
class_Ciliophora ciliata
ciliated_protozoan ciliate
ciliophoran ciliate
subclass_Infusoria infusoria
paramecia paramecium
algae alga
wrack sea_wrack
chlorophyl chlorophyll
chlorofucin chlorophyll_c
division_Heterokontophyta heterokontophyta
division_Chrysophyta chrysophyta
class_Chrysophyceae chrysophyceae
Heterokontae chrysophyceae
class_Heterokontae chrysophyceae
class_Xanthophyceae xanthophyceae
class_Bacillariophyceae bacillariophyceae
Diatomophyceae bacillariophyceae
class_Diatomophyceae bacillariophyceae
order_Heterotrichales heterotrichales
family_Tribonemaceae tribonemaceae
genus_Tribonema tribonema
genus_Conferva tribonema
class_Phaeophyceae phaeophyceae
division_Phaeophyta phaeophyta
order_Laminariales laminariales
family_Laminariaceae laminariaceae
genus_Laminaria laminaria
tang sea_tangle
sea_tang tang
order_Fucales fucales
class_Cyclosporeae cyclosporeae
family_Fucaceae fucaceae
fucoid_algae fucoid
Fucus_serratus serrated_wrack
tang serrated_wrack
black_rockweed bladderwrack
bladder_fucus bladderwrack
tang bladderwrack
Fucus_vesiculosus bladderwrack
genus_Ascophyllum ascophyllum
Ascophyllum_nodosum bladderwrack
sargassum gulfweed
sargasso gulfweed
Sargassum_bacciferum gulfweed
division_Euglenophyta euglenophyta
class_Euglenophyceae euglenophyceae
family_Euglenaceae euglenaceae
euglenophyte euglenoid
euglenid euglenoid
division_Chlorophyta chlorophyta
class_Chlorophyceae chlorophyceae
chlorophyte green_algae
class_Ulvophyceae ulvophyceae
order_Ulvales ulvales
family_Ulvaceae ulvaceae
sea-lettuce_family ulvaceae
genus_Ulva ulva
laver sea_lettuce
order_Volvocales volvocales
family_Volvocaceae volvocaceae
genus_Volvox volvox
family_Chlamydomonadaceae chlamydomonadaceae
genus_Chlamydomonas chlamydomonas
order_Zygnematales zygnematales
Zygnemales zygnematales
order_Zygnemales zygnematales
family_Zygnemataceae zygnemataceae
genus_Zygnema zygnema
order_Chlorococcales chlorococcales
genus_Chlorococcum chlorococcum
order_oedogoniales oedogoniales
family_Oedogoniaceae oedogoniaceae
genus_Oedogonium oedogonium
class_Charophyceae charophyceae
order_Charales charales
family_Characeae characeae
genus_Chara chara
genus_Nitella nitella
family_Desmidiaceae desmidiaceae
genus_Desmidium desmidium
division_Rhodophyta rhodophyta
class_Rhodophyceae rhodophyceae
family_Gigartinaceae gigartinaceae
genus_Chondrus chondrus
carrageen irish_moss
carageen irish_moss
carragheen irish_moss
Chondrus_crispus irish_moss
family_Rhodymeniaceae rhodymeniaceae
genus_Rhodymenia rhodymenia
Rhodymenia_palmata dulse
family_Bangiaceae bangiaceae
genus_Porphyra porphyra
laver red_laver
eucaryote eukaryote
procaryote prokaryote
class_Mastigophora mastigophora
Flagellata mastigophora
class_Flagellata mastigophora
flagellate_protozoan flagellate
flagellated_protozoan flagellate
mastigophoran flagellate
mastigophore flagellate
order_Dinoflagellata dinoflagellata
Cilioflagellata dinoflagellata
order_Cilioflagellata dinoflagellata
Noctiluca_miliaris noctiluca
family_Peridiniidae peridiniidae
genus_Peridinium peridinium
subclass_Zoomastigina zoomastigina
genus_Leishmania leishmania
zooflagellate zoomastigote
order_Hypermastigina hypermastigina
order_Polymastigina polymastigina
Costia_necatrix costia
genus_Chilomastix chilomastix
genus_Hexamita hexamita
subclass_Phytomastigina phytomastigina
phylum_Cryptophyta cryptophyta
class_Cryptophyceae cryptophyceae
cryptophyte cryptomonad
class_Sporozoa sporozoa
subclass_Telosporidia telosporidia
order_Coccidia coccidia
family_Eimeriidae eimeriidae
eimeria coccidium
order_Gregarinida gregarinida
order_Haemosporidia haemosporidia
family_Plasmodiidae plasmodiidae
Plasmodium_vivax plasmodium
malaria_parasite plasmodium
family_Haemoproteidae haemoproteidae
genus_Haemoproteus haemoproteus
genus_Leucocytozoan genus_leucocytozoon
leucocytozoon leucocytozoan
family_Babesiidae babesiidae
genus_Piroplasma genus_babesia
subclass_Acnidosporidia acnidosporidia
order_Sarcosporidia sarcosporidia
genus_Sarcocystis sarcocystis
sarcocystidean sarcosporidian
sarcocystieian sarcosporidian
order_Haplosporidia haplosporidia
subclass_Cnidosporidia cnidosporidia
order_Actinomyxidia actinomyxidia
order_Mycrosporidia mycrosporidia
order_Myxosporidia myxosporidia
pseudopodium pseudopod
superorder_Malacopterygii malacopterygii
malacopterygian soft-finned_fish
order_Ostariophysi ostariophysi
order_Cypriniformes cypriniformes
family_Cobitidae cobitidae
family_Cyprinidae cyprinidae
cyprinid_fish cyprinid
genus_Cyprinus cyprinus
Cyprinus_carpio domestic_carp
genus_Abramis abramis
Abramis_brama european_bream
genus_Tinca tinca
Tinca_tinca tench
genus_Leuciscus leuciscus
Leuciscus_leuciscus dace
Leuciscus_cephalus chub
genus_Notropis notropis
Notropis_atherinoides emerald_shiner
silversides common_shiner
Notropis_cornutus common_shiner
genus_Notemigonus notemigonus
Notemigonus_crysoleucas golden_shiner
genus_Rutilus rutilus
Rutilus_rutilus roach
genus_Scardinius scardinius
Scardinius_erythrophthalmus rudd
genus_Phoxinus phoxinus
Phoxinus_phoxinus minnow
genus_Gobio gobio
Gobio_gobio gudgeon
genus_Carassius carassius
Carassius_auratus goldfish
Carassius_carassius crucian_carp
Carassius_vulgaris crucian_carp
family_Electrophoridae electrophoridae
genus_Electrophorus electrophorus
Electrophorus_electric electric_eel
family_Catostomidae catostomidae
genus_Catostomus catostomus
genus_Ictiobus ictiobus
buffalofish buffalo_fish
Ictiobus_niger black_buffalo
genus_Hypentelium hypentelium
hog_molly hog_sucker
Hypentelium_nigricans hog_sucker
genus_Maxostoma maxostoma
redhorse_sucker redhorse
family_Cyprinodontidae cyprinodontidae
genus_Fundulus fundulus
Fundulus_heteroclitus mummichog
mayfish striped_killifish
may_fish striped_killifish
Fundulus_majalis striped_killifish
genus_Jordanella jordanella
American_flagfish flagfish
Jordanella_floridae flagfish
genus_Xyphophorus xyphophorus
helleri swordtail
topminnow swordtail
Xyphophorus_helleri swordtail
genus_Lebistes lebistes
rainbow_fish guppy
Lebistes_reticulatus guppy
family_Poeciliidae poeciliidae
poeciliid_fish topminnow
poeciliid topminnow
live-bearer topminnow
genus_Gambusia gambusia
Gambusia_affinis mosquitofish
genus_Platypoecilus platypoecilus
Platypoecilus_maculatus platy
genus_Mollienesia mollienesia
molly mollie
order_Berycomorphi berycomorphi
family_Holocentridae holocentridae
genus_Holocentrus holocentrus
Holocentrus_coruscus reef_squirrelfish
Holocentrus_bullisi deepwater_squirrelfish
soldier-fish soldierfish
family_Anomalopidae anomalopidae
flashlight_fish anomalops
genus_Krypterophaneron krypterophaneron
genus_Photoblepharon photoblepharon
Photoblepharon_palpebratus flashlight_fish
order_Zeomorphi zeomorphi
family_Zeidae zeidae
genus_Zeus zeus
Zeus_faber john_dory
family_Caproidae caproidae
genus_Capros capros
Capros_aper boarfish
genus_Antigonia antigonia
order_Solenichthyes solenichthyes
family_Fistulariidae fistulariidae
genus_Fistularia fistularia
family_Gasterosteidae gasterosteidae
prickleback stickleback
genus_gasterosteus gasterosteus
Gasterosteus_aculeatus three-spined_stickleback
Gasterosteus_pungitius ten-spined_stickleback
family_Syngnathidae syngnathidae
needlefish pipefish
genus_Syngnathus syngnathus
Syngnathus_hildebrandi dwarf_pipefish
genus_Cosmocampus cosmocampus
Cosmocampus_profundus deepwater_pipefish
genus_Hippocampus hippocampus
sea_horse seahorse
family_Macrorhamphosidae macrorhamphosidae
bellows_fish snipefish
family_Centriscidae centriscidae
shrimp-fish shrimpfish
family_Aulostomidae aulostomidae
genus_Aulostomus aulostomus
Aulostomus_maculatus trumpetfish
conceptus embryo
fertilized_egg embryo
blastocoele blastocoel
blastocele blastocoel
segmentation_cavity blastocoel
cleavage_cavity blastocoel
germinal_disc blastoderm
blastodisc blastoderm
germinal_area blastoderm
foetus fetus
teras monster
blastosphere blastula
blastodermic_vessicle blastocyst
exoderm ectoderm
ectoblast ectoderm
mesoblast mesoderm
chordomesoderm chordamesoderm
entoderm endoderm
endoblast endoderm
entoblast endoderm
hypoblast endoderm
vitellus yolk
vitelline_sac yolk_sac
umbilical_vesicle yolk_sac
vesicula_umbilicus yolk_sac
phylum_Chordata chordata
subphylum_Cephalochordata cephalochordata
family_Amphioxidae amphioxidae
Branchiostomidae amphioxidae
family_Branchiostomidae amphioxidae
amphioxus lancelet
subphylum_Urochordata urochordata
Urochorda urochordata
subphylum_Urochorda urochordata
Tunicata urochordata
subphylum_Tunicata urochordata
urochordate tunicate
urochord tunicate
class_Ascidiaceae ascidiaceae
syphon siphon
class_Thaliacea thaliacea
family_Salpidae salpidae
salpa salp
family_Doliolidae doliolidae
class_Larvacea larvacea
subphylum_Vertebrata vertebrata
Craniata vertebrata
subphylum_Craniata vertebrata
craniate vertebrate
amniotic_sac amnion
amnios amnion
chorioallantoic_membrane chorioallantois
superclass_Agnatha agnatha
jawless_fish jawless_vertebrate
agnathan jawless_vertebrate
order_Ostracodermi ostracodermi
suborder_Heterostraci heterostraci
suborder_Osteostraci osteostraci
Cephalaspida osteostraci
suborder_Cephalaspida osteostraci
cephalaspid osteostracan
order_Anaspida anaspida
order_Conodonta conodonta
Conodontophorida conodonta
order_Conodontophorida conodonta
order_Cyclostomata cyclostomata
suborder_Petromyzoniformes petromyzoniformes
Hyperoartia petromyzoniformes
suborder_Hyperoartia petromyzoniformes
family_Petromyzontidae petromyzontidae
lamprey_eel lamprey
lamper_eel lamprey
genus_Petromyzon petromyzon
Petromyzon_marinus sea_lamprey
suborder_Myxiniformes myxiniformes
Hyperotreta myxiniformes
suborder_Hyperotreta myxiniformes
Myxinoidei myxiniformes
Myxinoidea myxiniformes
suborder_Myxinoidei myxiniformes
family_Myxinidae myxinidae
hag hagfish
slime_eels hagfish
genus_Myxine myxine
genus_Myxinikela myxinikela
superclass_Gnathostomata gnathostomata
class_Placodermi placodermi
class_Chondrichthyes chondrichthyes
chondrichthian cartilaginous_fish
subclass_Holocephali holocephali
holocephalian holocephalan
family_Chimaeridae chimaeridae
Chimaera_monstrosa rabbitfish
subclass_Elasmobranchii elasmobranchii
Selachii elasmobranchii
subclass_Selachii elasmobranchii
selachian elasmobranch
family_Hexanchidae hexanchidae
genus_Hexanchus hexanchus
six-gilled_shark cow_shark
Hexanchus_griseus cow_shark
family_Lamnidae lamnidae
family_Isuridae isuridae
genus_Lamna lamna
Lamna_nasus porbeagle
genus_Isurus isurus
mako_shark mako
Isurus_oxyrhincus shortfin_mako
Isurus_paucus longfin_mako
blue_pointed bonito_shark
Isurus_glaucus bonito_shark
genus_Carcharodon carcharodon
white_shark great_white_shark
man-eater great_white_shark
man-eating_shark great_white_shark
Carcharodon_carcharias great_white_shark
genus_Cetorhinus cetorhinus
family_Cetorhinidae cetorhinidae
Cetorhinus_maximus basking_shark
family_Alopiidae alopiidae
genus_Alopius alopius
thrasher thresher
thresher_shark thresher
fox_shark thresher
Alopius_vulpinus thresher
family_Orectolobidae orectolobidae
genus_Orectolobus orectolobus
Orectolobus_barbatus carpet_shark
genus_Ginglymostoma ginglymostoma
Ginglymostoma_cirratum nurse_shark
family_Carchariidae carchariidae
Odontaspididae carchariidae
family_Odontaspididae carchariidae
genus_Carcharias carcharias
Odontaspis carcharias
genus_Odontaspis carcharias
sand_shark sand_tiger
Carcharias_taurus sand_tiger
Odontaspis_taurus sand_tiger
family_Rhincodontidae rhincodontidae
genus_Rhincodon rhincodon
Rhincodon_typus whale_shark
family_Scyliorhinidae scyliorhinidae
family_Carcharhinidae carcharhinidae
genus_Carcharhinus carcharhinus
cub_shark bull_shark
Carcharhinus_leucas bull_shark
Carcharhinus_plumbeus sandbar_shark
sandbar_shark blacktip_shark
Carcharhinus_limbatus blacktip_shark
oceanic_whitetip_shark whitetip_shark
white-tipped_shark whitetip_shark
Carcharinus_longimanus whitetip_shark
Carcharhinus_obscurus dusky_shark
genus_Negaprion negaprion
Negaprion_brevirostris lemon_shark
genus_Prionace prionace
great_blue_shark blue_shark
Prionace_glauca blue_shark
genus_Galeocerdo galeocerdo
Galeocerdo_cuvieri tiger_shark
genus_Galeorhinus galeorhinus
soupfin soupfin_shark
soup-fin soupfin_shark
Galeorhinus_zyopterus soupfin_shark
family_Triakidae triakidae
genus_Mustelus mustelus
smoothhound_shark smoothhound
Mustelus_mustelus smoothhound
Mustelus_canis american_smooth_dogfish
Mustelus_norrisi florida_smoothhound
genus_Triaenodon triaenodon
reef_whitetip_shark whitetip_shark
Triaenodon_obseus whitetip_shark
family_Squalidae squalidae
genus_Squalus squalus
Squalus_acanthias atlantic_spiny_dogfish
Squalus_suckleyi pacific_spiny_dogfish
family_Sphyrnidae sphyrnidae
genus_Sphyrna sphyrna
hammerhead_shark hammerhead
Sphyrna_zygaena smooth_hammerhead
Sphyrna_tudes smalleye_hammerhead
bonnethead shovelhead
bonnet_shark shovelhead
Sphyrna_tiburo shovelhead
family_Squatinidae squatinidae
genus_Squatina squatina
angelfish angel_shark
Squatina_squatina angel_shark
monkfish angel_shark
order_Torpediniformes torpediniformes
family_Torpedinidae torpedinidae
crampfish electric_ray
numbfish electric_ray
torpedo electric_ray
order_Rajiformes rajiformes
Batoidei rajiformes
order_Batoidei rajiformes
family_Pristidae pristidae
genus_Pristis pristis
Pristis_pectinatus smalltooth_sawfish
family_Rhinobatidae rhinobatidae
family_Dasyatidae dasyatidae
genus_Dasyatis dasyatis
Dasyatis_centroura roughtail_stingray
genus_Gymnura gymnura
family_Myliobatidae myliobatidae
genus_Aetobatus aetobatus
spotted_ray spotted_eagle_ray
Aetobatus_narinari spotted_eagle_ray
genus_Rhinoptera rhinoptera
cow-nosed_ray cownose_ray
Rhinoptera_bonasus cownose_ray
family_Mobulidae mobulidae
manta_ray manta
devilfish manta
Manta_birostris atlantic_manta
genus_Mobula mobula
Mobula_hypostoma devil_ray
family_Rajidae rajidae
genus_Raja raja
gray_skate grey_skate
Raja_batis grey_skate
Raja_erinacea little_skate
Raja_radiata thorny_skate
Raja_laevis barndoor_skate
class_Aves aves
dickey-bird dickeybird
dickybird dickeybird
dicky-bird dickeybird
fledgeling fledgling
baby_bird nestling
fighting_cock gamecock
subclass_Archaeornithes archaeornithes
genus_Archeopteryx genus_archaeopteryx
archeopteryx archaeopteryx
Archaeopteryx_lithographica archaeopteryx
ratite_bird ratite
flightless_bird ratite
carinate_bird carinate
flying_bird carinate
superorder_Ratitae ratitae
order_Struthioniformes struthioniformes
family_Struthionidae struthionidae
genus_Struthio struthio
Struthio_camelus ostrich
order_Casuariiformes casuariiformes
family_Casuaridae casuaridae
genus_Casuarius casuarius
genus_Dromaius dromaius
Dromaius_novaehollandiae emu
Emu_novaehollandiae emu
order_Apterygiformes apterygiformes
family_Apterygidae apterygidae
apteryx kiwi
order_Rheiformes rheiformes
family_Rheidae rheidae
Rhea_americana rhea
genus_Pterocnemia pterocnemia
nandu rhea
Pterocnemia_pennata rhea
order_Aepyorniformes aepyorniformes
family_Aepyornidae aepyornidae
aepyornis elephant_bird
order_Dinornithiformes dinornithiformes
family_Dinornithidae dinornithidae
genus_Dinornis dinornis
Dinornis_giganteus giant_moa
Anomalopteryx_oweni anomalopteryx
order_Insessores insessores
perching_bird insessores
percher insessores
order_Passeriformes passeriformes
passeriform_bird passerine
suborder_Oscines oscines
Passeres oscines
suborder_Passeres oscines
oscine_bird oscine
songster songbird
family_Meliphagidae meliphagidae
honeysucker honey_eater
family_Prunellidae prunellidae
genus_Prunella prunella
sparrow hedge_sparrow
dunnock hedge_sparrow
Prunella_modularis hedge_sparrow
family_Alaudidae alaudidae
genus_Alauda alauda
Alauda_arvensis skylark
family_Motacillidae motacillidae
genus_Motacilla motacilla
genus_Anthus anthus
titlark pipit
lark pipit
Anthus_pratensis meadow_pipit
family_Fringillidae fringillidae
genus_Fringilla fringilla
Fringilla_coelebs chaffinch
Fringilla_montifringilla brambling
subfamily_Carduelinae carduelinae
genus_Carduelis carduelis
Carduelis_carduelis goldfinch
lintwhite linnet
Carduelis_cannabina linnet
Carduelis_spinus siskin
Carduelis_cucullata red_siskin
Carduelis_flammea redpoll
Carduelis_hornemanni redpoll
genus_Spinus spinus
goldfinch new_world_goldfinch
yellowbird new_world_goldfinch
Spinus_tristis new_world_goldfinch
pine_finch pine_siskin
Spinus_pinus pine_siskin
genus_Carpodacus carpodacus
linnet house_finch
Carpodacus_mexicanus house_finch
Carpodacus_purpureus purple_finch
genus_Serinus serinus
canary_bird canary
Serinus_canaria common_canary
genus_Loxia loxia
Loxia_curvirostra crossbill
genus_Pyrrhula pyrrhula
Pyrrhula_pyrrhula bullfinch
snowbird junco
slate-colored_junco dark-eyed_junco
Junco_hyemalis dark-eyed_junco
genus_Pooecetes pooecetes
grass_finch vesper_sparrow
Pooecetes_gramineus vesper_sparrow
genus_Zonotrichia zonotrichia
whitethroat white-throated_sparrow
Zonotrichia_albicollis white-throated_sparrow
Zonotrichia_leucophrys white-crowned_sparrow
genus_Spizella spizella
Spizella_passerina chipping_sparrow
Spizella_pusilla field_sparrow
Spizella_arborea tree_sparrow
genus_Melospiza melospiza
Melospiza_melodia song_sparrow
Melospiza_georgiana swamp_sparrow
subfamily_Emberizidae emberizidae
subfamily_Emberizinae emberizidae
genus_Passerina passerina
indigo_finch indigo_bunting
indigo_bird indigo_bunting
Passerina_cyanea indigo_bunting
genus_Emberiza emberiza
ortolan_bunting ortolan
Emberiza_hortulana ortolan
Emberiza_schoeniclus reed_bunting
yellow_bunting yellowhammer
Emberiza_citrinella yellowhammer
Emberiza_aureola yellow-breasted_bunting
genus_Plectrophenax plectrophenax
snowbird snow_bunting
snowflake snow_bunting
Plectrophenax_nivalis snow_bunting
family_Coerebidae coerebidae
Dacninae coerebidae
family_Dacninae coerebidae
genus_Coereba coereba
family_Passeridae passeridae
true_sparrow sparrow
genus_Passer passer
house_sparrow english_sparrow
Passer_domesticus english_sparrow
Passer_montanus tree_sparrow
grossbeak grosbeak
genus_Hesperiphona hesperiphona
Hesperiphona_vespertina evening_grosbeak
genus_Coccothraustes coccothraustes
Coccothraustes_coccothraustes hawfinch
genus_Pinicola pinicola
Pinicola_enucleator pine_grosbeak
genus_Richmondena richmondena
cardinal_grosbeak cardinal
Richmondena_Cardinalis cardinal
Cardinalis_cardinalis cardinal
redbird cardinal
Pyrrhuloxia_sinuata pyrrhuloxia
genus_Pipilo pipilo
cheewink chewink
Pipilo_erythrophthalmus chewink
genus_Chlorura chlorura
Chlorura_chlorura green-tailed_towhee
family_Ploceidae ploceidae
weaverbird weaver
weaver_finch weaver
genus_Ploceus ploceus
Ploceus_philippinus baya
genus_Vidua vidua
whidah whydah
widow_bird whydah
genus_Padda padda
Java_finch java_sparrow
ricebird java_sparrow
Padda_oryzivora java_sparrow
genus_Estrilda estrilda
amadavat avadavat
genus_Poephila poephila
grass_finch grassfinch
Poephila_castanotis zebra_finch
family_Drepanididae drepanididae
Hawaiian_honeycreeper honeycreeper
genus_Drepanis drepanis
suborder_Menurae menurae
family_Menuridae menuridae
genus_Menura menura
family_Atrichornithidae atrichornithidae
genus_Atrichornis atrichornis
scrub-bird scrubbird
scrub_bird scrubbird
suborder_Eurylaimi eurylaimi
family_Eurylaimidae eurylaimidae
suborder_Tyranni tyranni
suborder_Clamatores clamatores
superfamily_Tyrannidae tyrannidae
flycatcher new_world_flycatcher
tyrant_flycatcher new_world_flycatcher
tyrant_bird new_world_flycatcher
genus_Tyrannus tyrannus
Tyrannus_tyrannus kingbird
western_kingbird arkansas_kingbird
Tyrannus_vociferans cassin's_kingbird
gray_kingbird grey_kingbird
petchary grey_kingbird
Tyrannus_domenicensis_domenicensis grey_kingbird
genus_Contopus contopus
peewee pewee
peewit pewee
pewit pewee
wood_pewee pewee
Contopus_virens pewee
Contopus_sordidulus western_wood_pewee
genus_Sayornis sayornis
phoebe_bird phoebe
Sayornis_phoebe phoebe
genus_Pyrocephalus pyrocephalus
firebird vermillion_flycatcher
Pyrocephalus_rubinus_mexicanus vermillion_flycatcher
family_Cotingidae cotingidae
chatterer cotinga
genus_Rupicola rupicola
Rupicola_rupicola cock_of_the_rock
Rupicola_peruviana cock_of_the_rock
family_Pipridae pipridae
genus_Pipra pipra
genus_Procnias procnias
genus_Cephalopterus cephalopterus
Cephalopterus_ornatus umbrella_bird
family_Furnariidae furnariidae
genus_Furnarius furnarius
family_Formicariidae formicariidae
ant_bird antbird
genus_Formicarius formicarius
genus_Thamnophilus thamnophilus
genus_Hylophylax hylophylax
Hylophylax_naevioides spotted_antbird
family_Dendrocolaptidae dendrocolaptidae
genus_Dendrocolaptes dendrocolaptes
woodcreeper woodhewer
wood-creeper woodhewer
tree_creeper woodhewer
family_Pittidae pittidae
genus_Muscivora muscivora
scissortailed_flycatcher scissortail
Muscivora-forficata scissortail
family_Muscicapidae muscicapidae
true_flycatcher old_world_flycatcher
flycatcher old_world_flycatcher
genus_Muscicapa muscicapa
Muscicapa_striata spotted_flycatcher
Muscicapa_grisola spotted_flycatcher
genus_Pachycephala pachycephala
whistler thickhead
family_Turdidae turdidae
subfamily_Turdinae turdinae
genus_Turdus turdus
mistle_thrush missel_thrush
mistletoe_thrush missel_thrush
Turdus_viscivorus missel_thrush
mavis song_thrush
throstle song_thrush
Turdus_philomelos song_thrush
snowbird fieldfare
Turdus_pilaris fieldfare
Turdus_iliacus redwing
merl blackbird
merle blackbird
ouzel blackbird
ousel blackbird
European_blackbird blackbird
Turdus_merula blackbird
ring_blackbird ring_ouzel
ring_thrush ring_ouzel
Turdus_torquatus ring_ouzel
American_robin robin
Turdus_migratorius robin
Turdus_greyi clay-colored_robin
genus_Hylocichla hylocichla
Hylocichla_guttata hermit_thrush
Wilson's_thrush veery
Hylocichla_fuscescens veery
Hylocichla_mustelina wood_thrush
genus_Luscinia luscinia
Luscinia_megarhynchos nightingale
Luscinia_luscinia thrush_nightingale
genus_Saxicola saxicola
chat old_world_chat
Saxicola_torquata stonechat
Saxicola_rubetra whinchat
genus_Myadestes myadestes
genus_Phoenicurus phoenicurus
redtail redstart
genus_Oenanthe oenanthe
genus_Sialia sialia
genus_Erithacus erithacus
redbreast robin
robin_redbreast robin
Old_World_robin robin
Erithacus_rubecola robin
Erithacus_svecicus bluethroat
family_Sylviidae sylviidae
subfamily_Sylviinae sylviinae
genus_Polioptila polioptila
genus_Regulus regulus
golden-crested_kinglet goldcrest
Regulus_regulus goldcrest
Regulus_satrata gold-crowned_kinglet
ruby-crowned_wren ruby-crowned_kinglet
Regulus_calendula ruby-crowned_kinglet
true_warbler old_world_warbler
genus_Silvia silvia
Silvia_atricapilla blackcap
whitethroat greater_whitethroat
Sylvia_communis greater_whitethroat
whitethroat lesser_whitethroat
Sylvia_curruca lesser_whitethroat
genus_Phylloscopus phylloscopus
Phylloscopus_sibilatrix wood_warbler
genus_Acrocephalus acrocephalus
sedge_bird sedge_warbler
sedge_wren sedge_warbler
reedbird sedge_warbler
Acrocephalus_schoenobaenus sedge_warbler
genus_Prinia prinia
genus_Orthotomus orthotomus
Orthotomus_sutorius tailorbird
family_Timaliidae timaliidae
genus_Timalia timalia
cackler babbler
family_Parulidae parulidae
wood_warbler new_world_warbler
genus_Parula parula
northern_parula parula_warbler
Parula_americana parula_warbler
Wilson's_blackcap wilson's_warbler
Wilsonia_pusilla wilson's_warbler
genus_Setophaga setophaga
redstart american_redstart
Setophaga_ruticilla american_redstart
genus_Dendroica dendroica
Dendroica_tigrina cape_may_warbler
golden_warbler yellow_warbler
yellowbird yellow_warbler
Dendroica_petechia yellow_warbler
Blackburnian_warbler blackburn
Dendroica_fusca blackburn
Audubon_warbler audubon's_warbler
Dendroica_auduboni audubon's_warbler
myrtle_bird myrtle_warbler
Dendroica_coronata myrtle_warbler
Dendroica_striate blackpoll
genus_Icteria icteria
chat new_world_chat
Icteria_virens yellow-breasted_chat
genus_Seiurus seiurus
Seiurus_aurocapillus ovenbird
genus_Geothlypis geothlypis
Maryland_yellowthroat common_yellowthroat
Geothlypis_trichas common_yellowthroat
family_Paradisaeidae paradisaeidae
genus_Ptloris ptloris
Ptloris_paradisea riflebird
family_Icteridae icteridae
American_oriole new_world_oriole
oriole new_world_oriole
genus_Icterus icterus
Icterus_galbula northern_oriole
Baltimore_bird baltimore_oriole
hangbird baltimore_oriole
firebird baltimore_oriole
Icterus_galbula_galbula baltimore_oriole
Icterus_galbula_bullockii bullock's_oriole
Icterus_spurius orchard_oriole
genus_Sturnella sturnella
lark meadowlark
Sturnella_magna eastern_meadowlark
Sturnella_neglecta western_meadowlark
genus_Cacicus cacicus
cazique cacique
genus_Dolichonyx dolichonyx
ricebird bobolink
reedbird bobolink
Dolichonyx_oryzivorus bobolink
blackbird new_world_blackbird
genus_Quiscalus quiscalus
crow_blackbird grackle
Quiscalus_quiscula purple_grackle
genus_Euphagus euphagus
rusty_grackle rusty_blackbird
Euphagus_carilonus rusty_blackbird
genus_Molothrus molothrus
genus_Agelaius agelaius
redwing red-winged_blackbird
Agelaius_phoeniceus red-winged_blackbird
family_Oriolidae oriolidae
oriole old_world_oriole
genus_Oriolus oriolus
Oriolus_oriolus golden_oriole
genus_Sphecotheres sphecotheres
family_Sturnidae sturnidae
genus_Sturnus sturnus
Sturnus_vulgaris common_starling
subgenus_Pastor pastor
rose-colored_pastor rose-colored_starling
Pastor_sturnus rose-colored_starling
Pastor_roseus rose-colored_starling
mynah myna
mina myna
minah myna
myna_bird myna
mynah_bird myna
genus_Acridotheres acridotheres
Acridotheres_tristis crested_myna
genus_Gracula gracula
Indian_grackle hill_myna
grackle hill_myna
Gracula_religiosa hill_myna
family_Corvidae corvidae
genus_Corvus corvus
Corvus_brachyrhyncos american_crow
Corvus_corax raven
Corvus_frugilegus rook
daw jackdaw
Corvus_monedula jackdaw
subfamily_Garrulinae garrulinae
genus_Garrulus garrulus
Garullus_garullus common_european_jay
genus_Cyanocitta cyanocitta
jaybird blue_jay
Cyanocitta_cristata blue_jay
genus_Perisoreus perisoreus
grey_jay canada_jay
gray_jay canada_jay
camp_robber canada_jay
whisker_jack canada_jay
Perisoreus_canadensis canada_jay
Perisoreus_canadensis_capitalis rocky_mountain_jay
genus_Nucifraga nucifraga
Nucifraga_caryocatactes common_nutcracker
Nucifraga_columbiana clark's_nutcracker
genus_Pica pica
Pica_pica european_magpie
Pica_pica_hudsonia american_magpie
family_Cracticidae cracticidae
genus_Cracticus cracticus
genus_Strepera strepera
bell_magpie currawong
genus_Gymnorhina gymnorhina
piping_crow-shrike piping_crow
Gymnorhina_tibicen piping_crow
family_Troglodytidae troglodytidae
jenny_wren wren
genus_Troglodytes troglodytes
Troglodytes_troglodytes winter_wren
Troglodytes_aedon house_wren
genus_Cistothorus cistothorus
Cistothorus_palustris long-billed_marsh_wren
short-billed_marsh_wren sedge_wren
Cistothorus_platensis sedge_wren
genus_Salpinctes salpinctes
Salpinctes_obsoletus rock_wren
genus_Thryothorus thryothorus
Thryothorus_ludovicianus carolina_wren
genus_Campylorhynchus campylorhynchus
Heleodytes campylorhynchus
genus_Heleodytes campylorhynchus
family_Mimidae mimidae
genus_Mimus mimus
mocker mockingbird
Mimus_polyglotktos mockingbird
genus_Melanotis melanotis
Melanotis_caerulescens blue_mockingbird
genus_Dumetella dumetella
grey_catbird catbird
gray_catbird catbird
Dumetella_carolinensis catbird
genus_Toxostoma toxostoma
mocking_thrush thrasher
brown_thrush brown_thrasher
Toxostoma_rufums brown_thrasher
family_Xenicidae xenicidae
Acanthisittidae xenicidae
family_Acanthisittidae xenicidae
genus_Xenicus xenicus
Xenicus_gilviventris rock_wren
genus_Acanthisitta acanthisitta
Acanthisitta_chloris rifleman_bird
family_Certhiidae certhiidae
tree_creeper creeper
genus_Certhia certhia
American_creeper brown_creeper
Certhia_americana brown_creeper
Certhia_familiaris european_creeper
genus_Tichodroma tichodroma
tichodrome wall_creeper
Tichodroma_muriaria wall_creeper
family_Sittidae sittidae
nutcracker nuthatch
genus_Sitta sitta
Sitta_europaea european_nuthatch
Sitta_canadensis red-breasted_nuthatch
Sitta_carolinensis white-breasted_nuthatch
family_Paridae paridae
tit titmouse
genus_Parus parus
blackcap black-capped_chickadee
Parus_atricapillus black-capped_chickadee
Parus_bicolor tufted_titmouse
Parus_carolinensis carolina_chickadee
tomtit blue_tit
Parus_caeruleus blue_tit
genus_Psaltriparus psaltriparus
bush_tit bushtit
genus_Chamaea chamaea
Chamaea_fasciata wren-tit
genus_Auriparus auriparus
Auriparus_flaviceps verdin
family_Irenidae irenidae
genus_Irena irena
bluebird fairy_bluebird
family_Hirundinidae hirundinidae
genus_Hirundo hirundo
chimney_swallow barn_swallow
Hirundo_rustica barn_swallow
Hirundo_pyrrhonota cliff_swallow
tree_martin tree_swallow
Hirundo_nigricans tree_swallow
genus_Iridoprocne iridoprocne
tree_swallow white-bellied_swallow
Iridoprocne_bicolor white-bellied_swallow
genus_Delichon delichon
Delichon_urbica house_martin
genus_Riparia riparia
bank_swallow bank_martin
sand_martin bank_martin
Riparia_riparia bank_martin
genus_Progne progne
Progne_subis purple_martin
family_Artamidae artamidae
genus_Artamus artamus
swallow_shrike wood_swallow
family_Thraupidae thraupidae
genus_Piranga piranga
Piranga_olivacea scarlet_tanager
redbird scarlet_tanager
firebird scarlet_tanager
Piranga_ludoviciana western_tanager
summer_redbird summer_tanager
Piranga_rubra summer_tanager
Piranga_flava_hepatica hepatic_tanager
family_Laniidae laniidae
genus_Lanius lanius
Lanius_excubitor european_shrike
Lanius_borealis northern_shrike
Lanius_ludovicianus_excubitorides white-rumped_shrike
Lanius_lucovicianus loggerhead_shrike
Lanius_ludovicianus_migrans migrant_shrike
subfamily_Malaconotinae malaconotinae
genus_Chlorophoneus chlorophoneus
Chlorophoneus_nigrifrons black-fronted_bush_shrike
family_Ptilonorhynchidae ptilonorhynchidae
catbird bowerbird
genus_Ptilonorhynchus ptilonorhynchus
satin_bird satin_bowerbird
Ptilonorhynchus_violaceus satin_bowerbird
genus_Chlamydera chlamydera
Chlamydera_nuchalis great_bowerbird
family_Cinclidae cinclidae
dipper water_ouzel
genus_Cinclus cinclus
Cinclus_aquaticus european_water_ouzel
Cinclus_mexicanus american_water_ouzel
family_Vireonidae vireonidae
Vireo_olivaceous red-eyed_vireo
Vireo_solitarius solitary_vireo
Vireo_solitarius_solitarius blue-headed_vireo
family_Bombycillidae bombycillidae
genus_bombycilla bombycilla
cedarbird cedar_waxwing
Bombycilla_cedrorun cedar_waxwing
Bombycilla_garrulus bohemian_waxwing
order_Raptores raptores
raptor bird_of_prey
raptorial_bird bird_of_prey
order_Falconiformes falconiformes
order_Accipitriformes accipitriformes
family_Accipitridae accipitridae
tercel tiercel
tercelet tiercel
genus_Accipiter accipiter
Accipiter_gentilis goshawk
Accipiter_nisus sparrow_hawk
blue_darter cooper's_hawk
Accipiter_cooperii cooper's_hawk
hen_hawk chicken_hawk
genus_Buteo buteo
red-tailed_hawk redtail
Buteo_jamaicensis redtail
roughleg rough-legged_hawk
Buteo_lagopus rough-legged_hawk
Buteo_lineatus red-shouldered_hawk
Buteo_buteo buzzard
genus_Pernis pernis
Pernis_apivorus honey_buzzard
genus-Milvus milvus
Milvus_migrans black_kite
genus_Elanoides elanoides
swallow-tailed_hawk swallow-tailed_kite
Elanoides_forficatus swallow-tailed_kite
genus_Elanus elanus
Elanus_leucurus white-tailed_kite
genus_Circus circus
Circus_Aeruginosus marsh_harrier
Circus_pygargus montagu's_harrier
northern_harrier marsh_hawk
hen_harrier marsh_hawk
Circus_cyaneus marsh_hawk
genus_Circaetus circaetus
short-toed_eagle harrier_eagle
family_Falconidae falconidae
genus_Falco falco
peregrine_falcon peregrine
Falco_peregrinus peregrine
falcon-gentil falcon-gentle
gerfalcon gyrfalcon
Falco_rusticolus gyrfalcon
Falco_tinnunculus kestrel
American_kestrel sparrow_hawk
kestrel sparrow_hawk
Falco_sparverius sparrow_hawk
merlin pigeon_hawk
Falco_columbarius pigeon_hawk
Falco_subbuteo hobby
genus_Polyborus polyborus
Polyborus_cheriway_audubonii audubon's_caracara
Polyborus_plancus carancha
bird_of_Jove eagle
genus_Harpia harpia
harpy_eagle harpy
Harpia_harpyja harpy
genus_Aquila aquila
Aquila_chrysaetos golden_eagle
Aquila_rapax tawny_eagle
genus_Haliaeetus haliaeetus
American_eagle bald_eagle
Haliaeetus_leucocephalus bald_eagle
Stellar's_sea_eagle kamchatkan_sea_eagle
Haliaeetus_pelagicus kamchatkan_sea_eagle
erne ern
grey_sea_eagle ern
gray_sea_eagle ern
European_sea_eagle ern
white-tailed_sea_eagle ern
Haliatus_albicilla ern
Haliaeetus_leucorhyphus fishing_eagle
family_Pandionidae pandionidae
genus_Pandion pandion
fish_hawk osprey
fish_eagle osprey
sea_eagle osprey
Pandion_haliaetus osprey
family_Aegypiidae aegypiidae
genus_Gyps gyps
griffon griffon_vulture
Gyps_fulvus griffon_vulture
genus_Gypaetus gypaetus
lammergeier bearded_vulture
lammergeyer bearded_vulture
Gypaetus_barbatus bearded_vulture
genus_Neophron neophron
Pharaoh's_chicken egyptian_vulture
Neophron_percnopterus egyptian_vulture
genus_Aegypius aegypius
Aegypius_monachus black_vulture
family_Sagittariidae sagittariidae
genus_Sagittarius sagittarius
Sagittarius_serpentarius secretary_bird
family_Cathartidae cathartidae
cathartid new_world_vulture
genus_Cathartes cathartes
turkey_buzzard buzzard
turkey_vulture buzzard
Cathartes_aura buzzard
genus_Vultur vultur
Vultur_gryphus andean_condor
genus_Gymnogyps gymnogyps
Gymnogyps_californianus california_condor
genus_Coragyps coragyps
carrion_crow black_vulture
Coragyps_atratus black_vulture
genus_Sarcorhamphus sarcorhamphus
Sarcorhamphus_papa king_vulture
order_Strigiformes strigiformes
bird_of_Minerva owl
bird_of_night owl
hooter owl
family_Strigidae strigidae
genus_Athene athene
Athene_noctua little_owl
genus_Bubo bubo
Bubo_virginianus great_horned_owl
genus_Strix strix
great_gray_owl great_grey_owl
Strix_nebulosa great_grey_owl
Strix_aluco tawny_owl
Strix_varia barred_owl
genus_Otus otus
Otus_asio screech_owl
Strix_occidentalis spotted_owl
Otus_scops old_world_scops_owl
Otus_sunia oriental_scops_owl
genus_Surnia surnia
Surnia_ulula hawk_owl
genus_Asio asio
Asio_otus long-eared_owl
genus_Sceloglaux sceloglaux
laughing_jackass laughing_owl
Sceloglaux_albifacies laughing_owl
family_Tytonidae tytonidae
genus_Tyto tyto
Tyto_alba barn_owl
class_Amphibia amphibia
genus_Hynerpeton hynerpeton
order_Urodella urodella
Caudata urodella
order_Caudata urodella
caudate urodele
family_Salamandridae salamandridae
genus_Salamandra salamandra
Salamandra_salamandra european_fire_salamander
fire_salamander spotted_salamander
Salamandra_maculosa spotted_salamander
Salamandra_atra alpine_salamander
triton newt
genus_Triturus triturus
Triturus_vulgaris common_newt
genus_Notophthalmus notophthalmus
Notophthalmus_viridescens red_eft
genus_Taricha taricha
Taricha_granulosa rough-skinned_newt
Taricha_torosa california_newt
family_Ambystomatidae ambystomatidae
genus_Ambystoma ambystoma
ambystomid_salamander ambystomid
Ambystoma_talpoideum mole_salamander
Ambystoma_maculatum spotted_salamander
Ambystoma_tigrinum tiger_salamander
mud_puppy axolotl
Ambystoma_mexicanum axolotl
family_Cryptobranchidae cryptobranchidae
genus_Cryptobranchus cryptobranchus
mud_puppy hellbender
Cryptobranchus_alleganiensis hellbender
genus_Megalobatrachus megalobatrachus
Megalobatrachus_maximus giant_salamander
family_Proteidae proteidae
genus_Proteus proteus
Proteus_anguinus olm
genus_Necturus necturus
Necturus_maculosus mud_puppy
family_Dicamptodontidae dicamptodontidae
dicamptodontid dicamptodon
Dicamptodon_ensatus pacific_giant_salamander
genus_Rhyacotriton rhyacotriton
Rhyacotriton_olympicus olympic_salamander
family_Plethodontidae plethodontidae
genus_Plethodon plethodon
plethodont lungless_salamander
Plethodon_cinereus eastern_red-backed_salamander
Plethodon_vehiculum western_red-backed_salamander
genus_Desmograthus desmograthus
genus_Aneides aneides
Aneides_lugubris arboreal_salamander
genus_Batrachoseps batrachoseps
worm_salamander slender_salamander
genus_Hydromantes hydromantes
Hydromantes_shastae shasta_salamander
Hydromantes_brunus limestone_salamander
family_Amphiumidae amphiumidae
congo_snake amphiuma
congo_eel amphiuma
blind_eel amphiuma
family_Sirenidae sirenidae
order_Salientia salientia
Anura salientia
order_Anura salientia
Batrachia salientia
order_Batrachia salientia
toad frog
toad_frog frog
anuran frog
batrachian frog
salientian frog
family_Ranidae ranidae
genus_Rana rana
ranid true_frog
wood_frog wood-frog
Rana_sylvatica wood-frog
spring_frog leopard_frog
Rana_pipiens leopard_frog
Rana_catesbeiana bullfrog
spring_frog green_frog
Rana_clamitans green_frog
Rana_cascadae cascades_frog
Rana_goliath goliath_frog
Rana_palustris pickerel_frog
Rana_tarahumarae tarahumara_frog
Rana_temporaria grass_frog
family_Leptodactylidae leptodactylidae
leptodactylid leptodactylid_frog
genus_Eleutherodactylus eleutherodactylus
genus_Hylactophryne hylactophryne
robber_frog barking_frog
Hylactophryne_augusti barking_frog
genus_Leptodactylus leptodactylus
South_American_bullfrog crapaud
Leptodactylus_pentadactylus crapaud
family_Polypedatidae polypedatidae
genus_Polypedates polypedates
tree-frog tree_frog
family_Ascaphidae ascaphidae
genus_Ascaphus ascaphus
bell_toad tailed_frog
ribbed_toad tailed_frog
tailed_toad tailed_frog
Ascaphus_trui tailed_frog
family_Leiopelmatidae leiopelmatidae
Liopelmidae leiopelmatidae
family_Liopelmidae leiopelmatidae
genus_Leiopelma leiopelma
Liopelma leiopelma
genus_Liopelma leiopelma
family_Bufonidae bufonidae
agua_toad agua
Bufo_marinus agua
Bufo_bufo european_toad
Bufo_calamita natterjack
Bufo_americanus american_toad
Bufo_viridis eurasian_green_toad
Bufo_debilis american_green_toad
Bufo_canorus yosemite_toad
Bufo_speciosus texas_toad
Bufo_microscaphus southwestern_toad
Bufo_boreas western_toad
family_Discoglossidae discoglossidae
genus_Alytes alytes
midwife_toad obstetrical_toad
Alytes_obstetricans obstetrical_toad
Alytes_cisternasi midwife_toad
genus_Bombina bombina
Bombina_bombina fire-bellied_toad
family_Pelobatidae pelobatidae
genus_Scaphiopus scaphiopus
spadefoot_toad spadefoot
Scaphiopus_hammondii western_spadefoot
Scaphiopus_multiplicatus southern_spadefoot
Scaphiopus_bombifrons plains_spadefoot
family_Hylidae hylidae
tree_frog tree_toad
tree-frog tree_toad
genus_Hyla hyla
Hyla_crucifer spring_peeper
Hyla_regilla pacific_tree_toad
Hyla_arenicolor canyon_treefrog
genus_Acris acris
Acris_crepitans northern_cricket_frog
Acris_gryllus eastern_cricket_frog
genus_Pseudacris pseudacris
genus_Pternohyla pternohyla
northern_casque-headed_frog lowland_burrowing_treefrog
Pternohyla_fodiens lowland_burrowing_treefrog
family_Microhylidae microhylidae
Brevicipitidae microhylidae
family_Brevicipitidae microhylidae
genus_Gastrophryne gastrophryne
Gastrophryne_olivacea western_narrow-mouthed_toad
Gastrophryne_carolinensis eastern_narrow-mouthed_toad
genus_Hypopachus hypopachus
family_Pipidae pipidae
genus_Pipa pipa
Pipa_pipa surinam_toad
Pipa_americana surinam_toad
family_Xenopodidae xenopodidae
genus_Xenopus xenopus
Xenopus_laevis african_clawed_frog
order_Gymnophiona gymnophiona
family_Caeciliidae caeciliidae
Caeciliadae caeciliidae
family_Caeciliadae caeciliidae
blindworm caecilian
superorder_Labyrinthodontia labyrinthodontia
Labyrinthodonta labyrinthodontia
superorder_Labyrinthodonta labyrinthodontia
order_Stereospondyli stereospondyli
order_Stegocephalia stegocephalia
order_Temnospondyli temnospondyli
class_Reptilia reptilia
reptilian reptile
subclass_Anapsida anapsida
anapsid_reptile anapsid
diapsid_reptile diapsid
subclass_Diapsida diapsida
order_Chelonia chelonia
Testudinata chelonia
order_Testudinata chelonia
Testudines chelonia
order_Testudines chelonia
chelonian_reptile chelonian
family_Cheloniidae cheloniidae
Chelonidae cheloniidae
family_Chelonidae cheloniidae
marine_turtle sea_turtle
genus_Chelonia chelonia
Chelonia_mydas green_turtle
genus_Caretta caretta
loggerhead_turtle loggerhead
Caretta_caretta loggerhead
genus_Lepidochelys lepidochelys
bastard_ridley atlantic_ridley
bastard_turtle atlantic_ridley
Lepidochelys_kempii atlantic_ridley
olive_ridley pacific_ridley
Lepidochelys_olivacea pacific_ridley
genus_Eretmochelys eretmochelys
hawksbill hawksbill_turtle
hawkbill hawksbill_turtle
tortoiseshell_turtle hawksbill_turtle
Eretmochelys_imbricata hawksbill_turtle
family_Dermochelyidae dermochelyidae
genus_Dermochelys dermochelys
leatherback leatherback_turtle
leathery_turtle leatherback_turtle
Dermochelys_coriacea leatherback_turtle
family_Chelydridae chelydridae
genus_Chelydra chelydra
snapper common_snapping_turtle
Chelydra_serpentina common_snapping_turtle
genus_Macroclemys macroclemys
alligator_snapper alligator_snapping_turtle
Macroclemys_temmincki alligator_snapping_turtle
family_Kinosternidae kinosternidae
genus_Kinosternon kinosternon
genus_Sternotherus sternotherus
stinkpot musk_turtle
family_Emydidae emydidae
genus_Malaclemys malaclemys
Malaclemys_centrata diamondback_terrapin
genus_Pseudemys pseudemys
red-bellied_turtle red-bellied_terrapin
redbelly red-bellied_terrapin
Pseudemys_rubriventris red-bellied_terrapin
yellow-bellied_terrapin slider
Pseudemys_scripta slider
river_cooter cooter
Pseudemys_concinna cooter
genus_Terrapene terrapene
box_tortoise box_turtle
Terrapene_ornata western_box_turtle
genus_Chrysemys chrysemys
painted_terrapin painted_turtle
painted_tortoise painted_turtle
Chrysemys_picta painted_turtle
family_Testudinidae testudinidae
genus_Testudo testudo
Testudo_graeca european_tortoise
genus_Geochelone geochelone
genus_Gopherus gopherus
gopher_turtle gopher_tortoise
gopher gopher_tortoise
Gopherus_polypemus gopher_tortoise
genus_Xerobates xerobates
Gopherus_agassizii desert_tortoise
family_Trionychidae trionychidae
pancake_turtle soft-shelled_turtle
genus_Trionyx trionyx
Trionyx_spiniferus spiny_softshell
Trionyx_muticus smooth_softshell
subclass_Lepidosauria lepidosauria
order_Rhynchocephalia rhynchocephalia
genus_Sphenodon sphenodon
Sphenodon_punctatum tuatara
order_Squamata squamata
suborder_Sauria sauria
Lacertilia sauria
suborder_Lacertilia sauria
family_Gekkonidae gekkonidae
genus_Ptychozoon ptychozoon
fringed_gecko flying_gecko
Ptychozoon_homalocephalum flying_gecko
genus_Coleonyx coleonyx
family_Pygopodidae pygopodidae
genus_Pygopus pygopus
family_Iguanidae iguanidae
Iguania iguanidae
family_Iguania iguanidae
iguanid_lizard iguanid
iguana common_iguana
Iguana_iguana common_iguana
genus_Amblyrhynchus amblyrhynchus
Amblyrhynchus_cristatus marine_iguana
genus_Dipsosaurus dipsosaurus
Dipsosaurus_dorsalis desert_iguana
genus_Sauromalus sauromalus
Sauromalus_obesus chuckwalla
genus_Callisaurus callisaurus
gridiron-tailed_lizard zebra-tailed_lizard
Callisaurus_draconoides zebra-tailed_lizard
genus_Uma uma
Uma_notata fringe-toed_lizard
genus_Holbrookia holbrookia
genus_Crotaphytus crotaphytus
genus_Gambelia gambelia
genus_Sceloporus sceloporus
swift western_fence_lizard
blue-belly western_fence_lizard
Sceloporus_occidentalis western_fence_lizard
pine_lizard eastern_fence_lizard
Sceloporus_undulatus eastern_fence_lizard
Sceloporus_graciosus sagebrush_lizard
genus_Uta uta
sand_lizard side-blotched_lizard
Uta_stansburiana side-blotched_lizard
genus_Urosaurus urosaurus
Urosaurus_ornatus tree_lizard
genus_Phrynosoma phrynosoma
horned_toad horned_lizard
horny_frog horned_lizard
Phrynosoma_cornutum texas_horned_lizard
genus_Basiliscus basiliscus
genus_Anolis anolis
anole american_chameleon
Anolis_carolinensis american_chameleon
family_Amphisbaenidae amphisbaenidae
genus_Amphisbaena amphisbaena
Amphisbaenia amphisbaena
genus_Amphisbaenia amphisbaena
family_Xantusiidae xantusiidae
family_Scincidae scincidae
genus_Scincus scincus
genus_Scincella scincella
scincid skink
scincid_lizard skink
genus_Eumeces eumeces
Eumeces_skiltonianus western_skink
Eumeces_callicephalus mountain_skink
family_Cordylidae cordylidae
genus_Cordylus cordylus
family_Teiidae teiidae
teiid teiid_lizard
genus_Cnemidophorus cnemidophorus
whiptail_lizard whiptail
race_runner racerunner
six-lined_racerunner racerunner
Cnemidophorus_sexlineatus racerunner
Cnemidophorus_velox plateau_striped_whiptail
Cnemidophorus_exsanguis chihuahuan_spotted_whiptail
Cnemidophorus_tigris western_whiptail
Cnemidophorus_tesselatus checkered_whiptail
genus_Tupinambis tupinambis
family_Agamidae agamidae
agamid_lizard agamid
genus_Chlamydosaurus chlamydosaurus
Chlamydosaurus_kingi frilled_lizard
genus_Draco draco
flying_dragon dragon
flying_lizard dragon
spiny_lizard mountain_devil
Moloch_horridus mountain_devil
family_Anguidae anguidae
genus_Gerrhonotus gerrhonotus
genus_Anguis anguis
slowworm blindworm
Anguis_fragilis blindworm
genus_Ophisaurus ophisaurus
glass_snake glass_lizard
joint_snake glass_lizard
family_Xenosauridae xenosauridae
genus_Xenosaurus xenosaurus
family_Anniellidae anniellidae
family_Lanthanotidae lanthanotidae
genus_Lanthanotus lanthanotus
family_Helodermatidae helodermatidae
genus_Heloderma heloderma
Heloderma_suspectum gila_monster
Mexican_beaded_lizard beaded_lizard
Heloderma_horridum beaded_lizard
family_Lacertidae lacertidae
lacertid lacertid_lizard
genus_Lacerta lacerta
Lacerta_agilis sand_lizard
Lacerta_viridis green_lizard
family_Chamaeleontidae chamaeleontidae
Chamaeleonidae chamaeleontidae
family_Chamaeleonidae chamaeleontidae
Rhiptoglossa chamaeleontidae
family_Rhiptoglossa chamaeleontidae
chamaeleon chameleon
genus_Chamaeleo chamaeleo
genus_Chamaeleon chamaeleo
Chamaeleo_chamaeleon african_chameleon
Chamaeleo_oweni horned_chameleon
family_Varanidae varanidae
genus_Varanus varanus
monitor_lizard monitor
varan monitor
Varanus_niloticus african_monitor
Komodo_lizard komodo_dragon
dragon_lizard komodo_dragon
giant_lizard komodo_dragon
Varanus_komodoensis komodo_dragon
subclass_Archosauria archosauria
archosaurian archosaur
archosaurian_reptile archosaur
genus_Saurosuchus saurosuchus
genus_Proterochampsa proterochampsa
order_Crocodylia crocodylia
Crocodilia crocodylia
order_Crocodilia crocodylia
order_Loricata loricata
crocodilian crocodilian_reptile
family_Crocodylidae crocodylidae
genus_Crocodylus crocodylus
Crocodilus crocodylus
genus_Crocodilus crocodylus
Nile_crocodile african_crocodile
Crocodylus_niloticus african_crocodile
Crocodylus_porosus asian_crocodile
genus_Tomistoma tomistoma
Tomistoma_schlegeli false_gavial
family_Alligatoridae alligatoridae
gator alligator
Alligator_mississipiensis american_alligator
Alligator_sinensis chinese_alligator
cayman caiman
Caiman_sclerops spectacled_caiman
family_Gavialidae gavialidae
genus_Gavialis gavialis
Gavialis_gangeticus gavial
order_Ornithischia ornithischia
ornithischian_dinosaur ornithischian
pisanosaurus pisanosaur
staurikosaurus staurikosaur
suborder_Thyreophora thyreophora
thyreophoran thyreophora
stegosaurus stegosaur
Stegosaur_stenops stegosaur
ankylosaurus ankylosaur
suborder_Marginocephalia marginocephalia
marginocephalian marginocephalia
pachycephalosaurus pachycephalosaur
suborder_Ceratopsia ceratopsia
horned_dinosaur ceratopsian
family_Ceratopsidae ceratopsidae
styracosaurus styracosaur
psittacosaurus psittacosaur
suborder_Euronithopoda euronithopoda
euronithopod euronithopoda
Ornithopoda euronithopoda
suborder_Ornithopoda euronithopoda
ornithopod_dinosaur ornithopod
family_Hadrosauridae hadrosauridae
hadrosaurus hadrosaur
duck-billed_dinosaur hadrosaur
corythosaurus corythosaur
trachodont trachodon
family_Iguanodontidae iguanodontidae
order_Saurischia saurischia
saurischian_dinosaur saurischian
suborder_Sauropodomorpha sauropodomorpha
suborder_Prosauropoda prosauropoda
suborder_Sauropoda sauropoda
sauropod_dinosaur sauropod
genus_Brontosaurus genus_apatosaurus
apatosaurus apatosaur
brontosaur apatosaur
brontosaurus apatosaur
thunder_lizard apatosaur
Apatosaurus_excelsus apatosaur
barosaurus barosaur
family_Titanosauridae titanosauridae
genus_Titanosaurus titanosaurus
titanosaurian titanosaur
genus_Seismosaurus seismosaurus
seismosaur ground-shaker
suborder_Theropoda theropoda
theropod_dinosaur theropod
bird-footed_dinosaur theropod
ceratosaurus ceratosaur
suborder_Carnosaura carnosaura
tyrannosaurus tyrannosaur
Tyrannosaurus_rex tyrannosaur
genus_Antrodemus genus_allosaurus
allosaurus allosaur
herrerasaurus herrerasaur
family_Megalosauridae megalosauridae
megalosaurus megalosaur
suborder_Ornithomimida ornithomimida
suborder_Maniraptora maniraptora
family_Dromaeosauridae dromaeosauridae
superslasher utahraptor
subclass_Synapsida synapsida
synapsid_reptile synapsid
order_Therapsida therapsida
protomammal therapsid
genus_Chronoperates chronoperates
division_Cynodontia cynodontia
genus_Exaeretodon exaeretodon
division_Dicynodontia dicynodontia
genus_Ischigualastia ischigualastia
order_Ictodosauria ictodosauria
order_Pelycosauria pelycosauria
family_Edaphosauridae edaphosauridae
order_Pterosauria pterosauria
flying_reptile pterosaur
family_Pterodactylidae pterodactylidae
genus_Pterodactylus pterodactylus
order_Thecodontia thecodontia
thecodont_reptile thecodont
order_Ichthyosauria ichthyosauria
family_Ichthyosauridae ichthyosauridae
Stenopterygius_quadrisicissus stenopterygius
order_Sauropterygia sauropterygia
suborder_Plesiosauria plesiosauria
plesiosaurus plesiosaur
suborder_Nothosauria nothosauria
suborder_Serpentes serpentes
Ophidia serpentes
suborder_Ophidia serpentes
serpent snake
ophidian snake
family_Colubridae colubridae
colubrid colubrid_snake
genus_Carphophis carphophis
worm_snake thunder_snake
Carphophis_amoenus thunder_snake
genus_Diadophis diadophis
ring-necked_snake ringneck_snake
ring_snake ringneck_snake
genus_Heterodon heterodon
puff_adder hognose_snake
sand_viper hognose_snake
genus_Phyllorhynchus phyllorhynchus
genus_Opheodrys opheodrys
grass_snake green_snake
Opheodrys_vernalis smooth_green_snake
Opheodrys_aestivus rough_green_snake
genus_Chlorophis chlorophis
genus_Coluber coluber
black_racer blacksnake
Coluber_constrictor blacksnake
Coluber_constrictor_flaviventris blue_racer
Coluber_hippocrepis horseshoe_whipsnake
genus_Masticophis masticophis
whip_snake whip-snake
whipsnake whip-snake
coachwhip_snake coachwhip
Masticophis_flagellum coachwhip
striped_racer california_whipsnake
Masticophis_lateralis california_whipsnake
Masticophis_bilineatus sonoran_whipsnake
genus_Elaphe elaphe
red_rat_snake corn_snake
Elaphe_guttata corn_snake
blacksnake black_rat_snake
pilot_blacksnake black_rat_snake
mountain_blacksnake black_rat_snake
Elaphe_obsoleta black_rat_snake
genus_Ptyas ptyas
Ptyas_mucosus indian_rat_snake
genus_Arizona arizona
Arizona_elegans glossy_snake
genus_Pituophis pituophis
bull-snake bull_snake
Pituophis_melanoleucus gopher_snake
genus_Lampropeltis lampropeltis
kingsnake king_snake
Lampropeltis_getulus common_kingsnake
house_snake milk_snake
milk_adder milk_snake
checkered_adder milk_snake
Lampropeltis_triangulum milk_snake
genus_Thamnophis thamnophis
grass_snake garter_snake
Thamnophis_sirtalis common_garter_snake
Thamnophis_sauritus ribbon_snake
Thamnophis_proximus western_ribbon_snake
genus_Tropidoclonion tropidoclonion
Tropidoclonion_lineatum lined_snake
genus_Sonora sonora
Sonora_semiannulata ground_snake
genus_Potamophis potamophis
genus_Haldea haldea
Potamophis_striatula eastern_ground_snake
Haldea_striatula eastern_ground_snake
genus_Natrix natrix
genus_Nerodia nerodia
banded_water_snake common_water_snake
Natrix_sipedon common_water_snake
Nerodia_sipedon common_water_snake
ring_snake grass_snake
ringed_snake grass_snake
Natrix_natrix grass_snake
Natrix_maura viperine_grass_snake
genus_Storeria storeria
Storeria_occipitamaculata red-bellied_snake
genus_Chilomeniscus chilomeniscus
Chilomeniscus_cinctus banded_sand_snake
genus_Tantilla tantilla
genus_Oxybelis oxybelis
genus_Trimorphodon trimorphodon
Trimorphodon_lambda sonoran_lyre_snake
genus_Hypsiglena hypsiglena
Hypsiglena_torquata night_snake
family_Typhlopidae typhlopidae
family_Leptotyphlopidae leptotyphlopidae
worm_snake blind_snake
genus_Leptotyphlops leptotyphlops
Leptotyphlops_humilis western_blind_snake
genus_Drymarchon drymarchon
gopher_snake indigo_snake
Drymarchon_corais indigo_snake
Drymarchon_corais_couperi eastern_indigo_snake
family_Boidae boidae
Constrictor_constrictor boa_constrictor
genus_Charina charina
tow-headed_snake rubber_boa
Charina_bottae rubber_boa
genus_Lichanura lichanura
Lichanura_trivirgata rosy_boa
genus_Eunectes eunectes
Eunectes_murinus anaconda
subfamily_Pythoninae pythoninae
family_Pythonidae pythonidae
Python_variegatus carpet_snake
Morelia_spilotes_variegatus carpet_snake
Python_reticulatus reticulated_python
Python_molurus indian_python
rock_snake rock_python
Python_sebae rock_python
family_Elapidae elapidae
elapid_snake elapid
harlequin-snake coral_snake
New_World_coral_snake coral_snake
genus_Micrurus micrurus
Micrurus_fulvius eastern_coral_snake
genus_Micruroides micruroides
Micruroides_euryxanthus western_coral_snake
Old_World_coral_snake coral_snake
genus_Calliophis calliophis
Callophis calliophis
genus_Callophis calliophis
genus_Aspidelaps aspidelaps
Aspidelaps_lubricus african_coral_snake
genus_Rhynchoelaps rhynchoelaps
Rhynchoelaps_australis australian_coral_snake
genus_Denisonia denisonia
Denisonia_superba copperhead
genus_Naja naja
Naja_naja indian_cobra
Egyptian_cobra asp
Naja_haje asp
genus_Ophiophagus ophiophagus
spitting_cobra black-necked_cobra
Naja_nigricollis black-necked_cobra
king_cobra hamadryad
Ophiophagus_hannah hamadryad
Naja_hannah hamadryad
genus_Hemachatus hemachatus
rinkhals ringhals
spitting_snake ringhals
Hemachatus_haemachatus ringhals
genus_Dendroaspis dendroaspis
Dendraspis dendroaspis
genus_Dendraspis dendroaspis
Dendroaspis_augusticeps black_mamba
genus_Acanthophis acanthophis
Acanthophis_antarcticus death_adder
genus_Notechis notechis
Notechis_scutatus tiger_snake
genus_Pseudechis pseudechis
Pseudechis_porphyriacus australian_blacksnake
genus_Bungarus bungarus
banded_adder banded_krait
Bungarus_fasciatus banded_krait
genus_Oxyuranus oxyuranus
Oxyuranus_scutellatus taipan
family_Hydrophidae hydrophidae
family_Viperidae viperidae
genus_Vipera vipera
common_viper adder
Vipera_berus adder
asp_viper asp
Vipera_aspis asp
genus_Bitis bitis
Bitis_arietans puff_adder
Bitis_gabonica gaboon_viper
Aspis genus_cerastes
genus_Aspis genus_cerastes
cerastes horned_viper
sand_viper horned_viper
horned_asp horned_viper
Cerastes_cornutus horned_viper
family_Crotalidae crotalidae
genus_Agkistrodon agkistrodon
Ancistrodon agkistrodon
genus_Ancistrodon agkistrodon
Agkistrodon_contortrix copperhead
cottonmouth water_moccasin
cottonmouth_moccasin water_moccasin
Agkistrodon_piscivorus water_moccasin
rattler rattlesnake
genus_Crotalus crotalus
diamondback_rattlesnake diamondback
Crotalus_adamanteus diamondback
banded_rattlesnake timber_rattlesnake
Crotalus_horridus_horridus timber_rattlesnake
canebrake_rattler canebrake_rattlesnake
Crotalus_horridus_atricaudatus canebrake_rattlesnake
prairie_rattler prairie_rattlesnake
Western_rattlesnake prairie_rattlesnake
Crotalus_viridis prairie_rattlesnake
horned_rattlesnake sidewinder
Crotalus_cerastes sidewinder
Western_diamondback_rattlesnake western_diamondback
Crotalus_atrox western_diamondback
Crotalus_lepidus rock_rattlesnake
Crotalus_tigris tiger_rattlesnake
Crotalus_scutulatus mojave_rattlesnake
Crotalus_mitchellii speckled_rattlesnake
genus_Sistrurus sistrurus
massasauga_rattler massasauga
Sistrurus_catenatus massasauga
massasauga ground_rattler
Sistrurus_miliaris ground_rattler
genus_Bothrops bothrops
Bothrops_atrops fer-de-lance
bill beak
neb beak
nib beak
pecker beak
carcass carcase
phylum_Arthropoda arthropoda
superclass_Chelicerata chelicerata
class_Arachnida arachnida
arachnoid arachnid
order_Phalangida phalangida
Opiliones phalangida
order_Opiliones phalangida
family_Phalangiidae phalangiidae
genus_Phalangium phalangium
daddy_longlegs harvestman
Phalangium_opilio harvestman
order_Scorpionida scorpionida
order_Chelonethida chelonethida
Pseudoscorpionida chelonethida
order_Pseudoscorpionida chelonethida
Pseudoscorpiones chelonethida
order_Pseudoscorpiones chelonethida
pseudoscorpion false_scorpion
genus_Chelifer chelifer
Chelifer_cancroides book_scorpion
order_Pedipalpi pedipalpi
Uropygi pedipalpi
order_Uropygi pedipalpi
whip_scorpion whip-scorpion
genus_Mastigoproctus mastigoproctus
Mastigoproctus_giganteus vinegarroon
order_Araneae araneae
Araneida araneae
order_Araneida araneae
family_Argiopidae argiopidae
orb-weaver argiopidae
genus_Argiope argiope
Argiope_aurantia black_and_gold_garden_spider
genus_Aranea aranea
Araneus aranea
genus_Araneus aranea
Araneus_cavaticus barn_spider
Aranea_diademata garden_spider
family_Theridiidae theridiidae
theridiid comb-footed_spider
genus_Latrodectus latrodectus
Latrodectus_mactans black_widow
family_Theraphosidae theraphosidae
family_Lycosidae lycosidae
hunting_spider wolf_spider
genus_Lycosa lycosa
tarantula european_wolf_spider
Lycosa_tarentula european_wolf_spider
family_Ctenizidae ctenizidae
order_Acarina acarina
family_Ixodidae ixodidae
ixodid hard_tick
genus_Ixodes ixodes
deer_tick ixodes_dammini
western_black-legged_tick ixodes_pacificus
black-legged_tick ixodes_scapularis
sheep_tick sheep-tick
Ixodes_ricinus sheep-tick
genus_Dermacentor dermacentor
American_dog_tick wood_tick
Dermacentor_variabilis wood_tick
family_Argasidae argasidae
argasid soft_tick
family_Acaridae acaridae
family_Trombidiidae trombidiidae
family_Trombiculidae trombiculidae
genus_Trombicula trombicula
chigger harvest_mite
jigger harvest_mite
redbug harvest_mite
family_Sarcoptidae sarcoptidae
genus_Sarcoptes sarcoptes
genus_Acarus acarus
sarcoptid itch_mite
family_Tetranychidae tetranychidae
tetranychid spider_mite
genus_Panonychus panonychus
red_spider_mite red_spider
Panonychus_ulmi red_spider
class_Pauropoda pauropoda
class_Symphyla symphyla
genus_Scutigerella scutigerella
garden_symphilid garden_centipede
symphilid garden_centipede
Scutigerella_immaculata garden_centipede
class_Tardigrada tardigrada
class_Chilopoda chilopoda
family_Scutigeridae scutigeridae
genus_Scutigera scutigera
Scutigera_coleoptrata house_centipede
order_Geophilomorpha geophilomorpha
family_Geophilidae geophilidae
genus_Geophilus geophilus
class_Diplopoda diplopoda
Myriapoda diplopoda
class_Myriapoda diplopoda
millepede millipede
milliped millipede
order_Pycnogonida pycnogonida
pycnogonid sea_spider
class_Merostomata merostomata
order_Xiphosura xiphosura
family_Limulidae limulidae
genus_Limulus limulus
king_crab horseshoe_crab
Limulus_polyphemus horseshoe_crab
Xiphosurus_polyphemus horseshoe_crab
genus_Tachypleus tachypleus
order_Eurypterida eurypterida
subphylum_Pentastomida pentastomida
pentastomid tongue_worm
order_Galliformes galliformes
gallinacean gallinaceous_bird
fowl domestic_fowl
poultry domestic_fowl
Cornish_fowl cornish
cochin_china cochin
genus_Gallus gallus
gallina jungle_fowl
Gallus_gallus red_jungle_fowl
Gallus_gallus chicken
biddy chick
rooster cock
cockscomb comb
coxcomb comb
biddy hen
broody brood_hen
broody_hen brood_hen
setting_hen brood_hen
sitter brood_hen
Dominick dominique
family_Meleagrididae meleagrididae
genus_Meleagris meleagris
Meleagris_gallopavo turkey
gobbler turkey_cock
tom turkey_cock
tom_turkey turkey_cock
genus_Agriocharis agriocharis
Agriocharis_ocellata ocellated_turkey
family_Tetraonidae tetraonidae
genus_Lyrurus lyrurus
heathfowl european_black_grouse
Lyrurus_tetrix european_black_grouse
Lyrurus_mlokosiewiczi asian_black_grouse
black_cock blackcock
grayhen greyhen
grey_hen greyhen
gray_hen greyhen
heath_hen greyhen
genus_Lagopus lagopus
moorfowl red_grouse
moorbird red_grouse
moor-bird red_grouse
moorgame red_grouse
Lagopus_scoticus red_grouse
genus_Tetrao tetrao
capercailzie capercaillie
horse_of_the_wood capercaillie
Tetrao_urogallus capercaillie
genus_Canachites canachites
Canachites_canadensis spruce_grouse
genus_Centrocercus centrocercus
sage_hen sage_grouse
Centrocercus_urophasianus sage_grouse
genus_Bonasa bonasa
partridge ruffed_grouse
Bonasa_umbellus ruffed_grouse
genus_Pedioecetes pedioecetes
sprigtail sharp-tailed_grouse
sprig_tail sharp-tailed_grouse
Pedioecetes_phasianellus sharp-tailed_grouse
genus_Tympanuchus tympanuchus
prairie_grouse prairie_chicken
prairie_fowl prairie_chicken
Tympanuchus_cupido greater_prairie_chicken
Tympanuchus_pallidicinctus lesser_prairie_chicken
Tympanuchus_cupido_cupido heath_hen
family_Cracidae cracidae
genus_Crax crax
genus_Penelope penelope
genus_Pipile pipile
genus_Ortalis ortalis
Ortilis_vetula_macalli texas_chachalaca
family_Megapodiidae megapodiidae
genus-Megapodius megapodius
mound_bird megapode
mound-bird megapode
mound_builder megapode
scrub_fowl megapode
leipoa mallee_fowl
lowan mallee_fowl
Leipoa_ocellata mallee_fowl
genus_Alectura alectura
Alectura_lathami brush_turkey
genus_Macrocephalon macrocephalon
Macrocephalon_maleo maleo
family_Phasianidae phasianidae
genus_Phasianus phasianus
Phasianus_colchicus ring-necked_pheasant
Congo_peafowl afropavo
Afropavo_congensis afropavo
genus_Argusianus argusianus
argus_pheasant argus
genus_Chrysolophus chrysolophus
Chrysolophus_pictus golden_pheasant
genus_Colinus colinus
bobwhite_quail bobwhite
partridge bobwhite
Colinus_virginianus northern_bobwhite
genus_Coturnix coturnix
Coturnix_coturnix migratory_quail
Coturnix_communis migratory_quail
genus_Lophophorus lophophorus
monaul monal
genus_Odontophorus odontophorus
genus_Pavo pavo
bird_of_Juno peafowl
pea-chick peachick
Pavo_cristatus blue_peafowl
Pavo_muticus green_peafowl
genus_Lofortyx lofortyx
Lofortyx_californicus california_quail
subfamily_Perdicidae perdicidae
Perdicinae perdicidae
subfamily_Perdicinae perdicidae
genus_Perdix perdix
grey_partridge hungarian_partridge
gray_partridge hungarian_partridge
Perdix_perdix hungarian_partridge
genus_Alectoris alectoris
Alectoris_ruffa red-legged_partridge
rock_partridge greek_partridge
Alectoris_graeca greek_partridge
genus_Oreortyx oreortyx
mountain_partridge mountain_quail
Oreortyx_picta_palmeri mountain_quail
subfamily_Numididae numididae
Numidinae numididae
subfamily_Numidinae numididae
genus_Numida numida
guinea guinea_fowl
Numida_meleagris guinea_fowl
family_Opisthocomidae opisthocomidae
genus_Opisthocomus opisthocomus
hoactzin hoatzin
stinkbird hoatzin
Opisthocomus_hoazin hoatzin
order_Tinamiformes tinamiformes
family_Tinamidae tinamidae
partridge tinamou
order_Columbiformes columbiformes
family_Raphidae raphidae
genus_Raphus raphus
Raphus_cucullatus dodo
genus_Pezophaps pezophaps
Pezophaps_solitaria solitaire
family_Columbidae columbidae
pouter pouter_pigeon
genus_Columba columba
rock_pigeon rock_dove
Columba_livia rock_dove
band-tail_pigeon band-tailed_pigeon
bandtail band-tailed_pigeon
Columba_fasciata band-tailed_pigeon
ringdove wood_pigeon
cushat wood_pigeon
Columba_palumbus wood_pigeon
genus_Streptopelia streptopelia
Streptopelia_risoria ringdove
genus_Stictopelia stictopelia
turtledove australian_turtledove
Stictopelia_cuneata australian_turtledove
genus_Zenaidura zenaidura
Zenaidura_macroura mourning_dove
tumbler roller
tumbler_pigeon roller
homer homing_pigeon
genus_Ectopistes ectopistes
Ectopistes_migratorius passenger_pigeon
family_Pteroclididae pteroclididae
sand_grouse sandgrouse
genus_Pterocles pterocles
Pterocles_indicus painted_sandgrouse
pin-tailed_grouse pin-tailed_sandgrouse
Pterocles_alchata pin-tailed_sandgrouse
genus_Syrrhaptes syrrhaptes
Syrrhaptes_paradoxus pallas's_sandgrouse
order_Psittaciformes psittaciformes
poll_parrot poll
family_Psittacidae psittacidae
genus_Psittacus psittacus
African_gray african_grey
Psittacus_erithacus african_grey
genus_Amazona amazona
genus_Ara ara
genus_Nestor nestor
Nestor_notabilis kea
genus_Kakatoe kakatoe
Cacatua kakatoe
genus_Cacatua kakatoe
Kakatoe_galerita sulphur-crested_cockatoo
Cacatua_galerita sulphur-crested_cockatoo
Kakatoe_leadbeateri pink_cockatoo
genus_Nymphicus nymphicus
cockatiel cockateel
cockatoo_parrot cockateel
Nymphicus_hollandicus cockateel
genus_Agapornis agapornis
subfamily_Loriinae loriinae
genus_Glossopsitta glossopsitta
Glossopsitta_versicolor varied_lorikeet
genus_Trichoglossus trichoglossus
Trichoglossus_moluccanus rainbow_lorikeet
parrakeet parakeet
parroket parakeet
paraquet parakeet
paroquet parakeet
parroquet parakeet
genus_Conuropsis conuropsis
Conuropsis_carolinensis carolina_parakeet
genus_Melopsittacus melopsittacus
budgereegah budgerigar
budgerygah budgerigar
budgie budgerigar
grass_parakeet budgerigar
lovebird budgerigar
shell_parakeet budgerigar
Melopsittacus_undulatus budgerigar
genus_Psittacula psittacula
Psittacula_krameri ring-necked_parakeet
order_Cuculiformes cuculiformes
family_Cuculidae cuculidae
genus_Cuculus cuculus
Cuculus_canorus european_cuckoo
genus_Coccyzus coccyzus
Coccyzus_erythropthalmus black-billed_cuckoo
genus_Geococcyx geococcyx
chaparral_cock roadrunner
Geococcyx_californianus roadrunner
genus_Crotophaga crotophaga
genus_Centropus centropus
Centropus_sinensis crow_pheasant
pheasant_cuckoo pheasant_coucal
Centropus_phasianinus pheasant_coucal
family_Musophagidae musophagidae
genus_Musophaga musophaga
turaco touraco
turacou touraco
turakoo touraco
order_Coraciiformes coraciiformes
order_Picariae picariae
family_Coraciidae coraciidae
genus_Coracias coracias
Coracias_garrulus european_roller
family_Alcedinidae alcedinidae
genus_Alcedo alcedo
Alcedo_atthis eurasian_kingfisher
genus_Ceryle ceryle
Ceryle_alcyon belted_kingfisher
genus_Dacelo dacelo
genus_Halcyon halcyon
laughing_jackass kookaburra
Dacelo_gigas kookaburra
family_Meropidae meropidae
genus_Merops merops
family_Bucerotidae bucerotidae
genus_Buceros buceros
family_Upupidae upupidae
genus_Upupa upupa
hoopoo hoopoe
Upupa_epops euopean_hoopoe
family_Phoeniculidae phoeniculidae
genus_Phoeniculus phoeniculus
family_Momotidae momotidae
genus_Momotus momotus
momot motmot
family_Todidae todidae
genus_Todus todus
order_Apodiformes apodiformes
family_Apodidae apodidae
genus_Apus apus
Apus_apus european_swift
genus_Chateura chateura
chimney_swallow chimney_swift
Chateura_pelagica chimney_swift
genus_Collocalia collocalia
Collocalia_inexpectata swiftlet
family_Hemiprocnidae hemiprocnidae
crested_swift tree_swift
family_Trochilidae trochilidae
genus_Archilochus archilochus
genus_Chalcostigma chalcostigma
genus_Ramphomicron ramphomicron
order_Caprimulgiformes caprimulgiformes
family_Caprimulgidae caprimulgidae
nightjar goatsucker
caprimulgid goatsucker
genus_Caprimulgus caprimulgus
European_nightjar european_goatsucker
Caprimulgus_europaeus european_goatsucker
Caprimulgus_carolinensis chuck-will's-widow
Caprimulgus_vociferus whippoorwill
genus_Chordeiles chordeiles
bullbat nighthawk
mosquito_hawk nighthawk
genus_Phalaenoptilus phalaenoptilus
Phalaenoptilus_nuttallii poorwill
family_Podargidae podargidae
genus_Podargus podargus
family_Steatornithidae steatornithidae
genus_Steatornis steatornis
guacharo oilbird
Steatornis_caripensis oilbird
order_Piciformes piciformes
family_Picidae picidae
peckerwood woodpecker
pecker woodpecker
genus_Picus picus
Picus_viridis green_woodpecker
genus_Picoides picoides
genus_Colaptes colaptes
Colaptes_auratus yellow-shafted_flicker
yellowhammer yellow-shafted_flicker
Colaptes_chrysoides gilded_flicker
Colaptes_caper_collaris red-shafted_flicker
genus_Campephilus campephilus
ivory-billed_woodpecker ivorybill
Campephilus_principalis ivorybill
genus_Melanerpes melanerpes
redhead redheaded_woodpecker
Melanerpes_erythrocephalus redheaded_woodpecker
genus_Sphyrapicus sphyrapicus
Sphyrapicus_varius yellow-bellied_sapsucker
Sphyrapicus_varius_ruber red-breasted_sapsucker
genus_Jynx jynx
genus_Picumnus picumnus
family_Capitonidae capitonidae
family_Bucconidae bucconidae
family_Indicatoridae indicatoridae
family_Galbulidae galbulidae
family_Ramphastidae ramphastidae
genus_Aulacorhyncus aulacorhyncus
order_Trogoniformes trogoniformes
family_Trogonidae trogonidae
genus_Pharomacrus pharomacrus
quetzal_bird quetzal
resplendent_trogon resplendent_quetzel
Pharomacrus_mocino resplendent_quetzel
water_bird waterfowl
waterbird waterfowl
order_Anseriformes anseriformes
family_Anatidae anatidae
suborder_Anseres anseres
dabbler dabbling_duck
genus_Anas anas
Anas_platyrhynchos mallard
Anas_rubripes black_duck
green-winged_teal greenwing
Anas_crecca greenwing
blue-winged_teal bluewing
Anas_discors bluewing
Anas_querquedula garganey
wigeon widgeon
Anas_penelope widgeon
baldpate american_widgeon
Anas_americana american_widgeon
shoveller shoveler
broadbill shoveler
Anas_clypeata shoveler
pin-tailed_duck pintail
Anas_acuta pintail
genus_Tadorna tadorna
genus_Oxyura oxyura
Oxyura_jamaicensis ruddy_duck
genus_Bucephala bucephala
butterball bufflehead
dipper bufflehead
Bucephela_albeola bufflehead
whistler goldeneye
Bucephela_clangula goldeneye
Bucephala_islandica barrow's_goldeneye
genus_Aythya aythya
canvasback_duck canvasback
Aythya_valisineria canvasback
Aythya_ferina pochard
Aythya_americana redhead
scaup_duck scaup
bluebill scaup
broadbill scaup
Aythya_marila greater_scaup
lesser_scaup_duck lesser_scaup
lake_duck lesser_scaup
Aythya_affinis lesser_scaup
genus_Aix aix
summer_duck wood_duck
wood_widgeon wood_duck
Aix_sponsa wood_duck
Aix_galericulata mandarin_duck
genus_Cairina cairina
musk_duck muscovy_duck
Cairina_moschata muscovy_duck
genus_Somateria somateria
eider_duck eider
genus_Melanitta melanitta
scooter scoter
Melanitta_nigra common_scoter
genus_Clangula clangula
oldwife old_squaw
Clangula_hyemalis old_squaw
subfamily_Merginae merginae
genus_Mergus mergus
fish_duck merganser
sawbill merganser
sheldrake merganser
Mergus_merganser goosander
Mergus_merganser_americanus american_merganser
Mergus_serrator red-breasted_merganser
Mergus_albellus smew
genus_Lophodytes lophodytes
hooded_sheldrake hooded_merganser
Lophodytes_cucullatus hooded_merganser
genus_Anser anser
Anser_cygnoides chinese_goose
graylag greylag
greylag_goose greylag
graylag_goose greylag
Anser_anser greylag
subgenus_Chen chen
Chen_caerulescens blue_goose
genus_Branta branta
brant_goose brant
brent brant
brent_goose brant
Branta_bernicla common_brant_goose
Canada_goose honker
Canadian_goose honker
Branta_canadensis honker
barnacle barnacle_goose
Branta_leucopsis barnacle_goose
subfamily_Anserinae anserinae
genus_Cygnus cygnus
Cygnus_olor mute_swan
whooper_swan whooper
Cygnus_cygnus whooper
Cygnus_columbianus tundra_swan
Cygnus_columbianus_columbianus whistling_swan
Cygnus_columbianus_bewickii bewick's_swan
trumpeter_swan trumpeter
Cygnus_buccinator trumpeter
Cygnus_atratus black_swan
family_Anhimidae anhimidae
genus_Anhima anhima
Anhima_cornuta horned_screamer
genus_Chauna chauna
Chauna_torquata chaja
class_Mammalia mammalia
mammalian mammal
subclass_Prototheria prototheria
order_Monotremata monotremata
egg-laying_mammal monotreme
family_Tachyglossidae tachyglossidae
genus_Tachyglossus tachyglossus
spiny_anteater echidna
anteater echidna
genus_Zaglossus zaglossus
spiny_anteater echidna
anteater echidna
family_Ornithorhynchidae ornithorhynchidae
genus_Ornithorhynchus ornithorhynchus
duckbill platypus
duckbilled_platypus platypus
duck-billed_platypus platypus
Ornithorhynchus_anatinus platypus
subclass_Pantotheria pantotheria
subclass_Metatheria metatheria
order_Marsupialia marsupialia
pouched_mammal marsupial
family_Didelphidae didelphidae
possum opossum
genus_Didelphis didelphis
Didelphis_virginiana common_opossum
Didelphis_marsupialis common_opossum
family_Caenolestidae caenolestidae
genus_Caenolestes caenolestes
family_Peramelidae peramelidae
genus_Macrotis macrotis
rabbit_bandicoot rabbit-eared_bandicoot
bilby rabbit-eared_bandicoot
Macrotis_lagotis rabbit-eared_bandicoot
family_Macropodidae macropodidae
genus_Macropus macropus
great_grey_kangaroo giant_kangaroo
Macropus_giganteus giant_kangaroo
brush_kangaroo wallaby
Macropus_agiles common_wallaby
genus_Lagorchestes lagorchestes
kangaroo_hare hare_wallaby
genus_Onychogalea onychogalea
nail-tailed_kangaroo nail-tailed_wallaby
genus_Petrogale petrogale
rock_kangaroo rock_wallaby
genus_Thylogale thylogale
paddymelon pademelon
genus_Dendrolagus dendrolagus
tree_kangaroo tree_wallaby
genus_Hypsiprymnodon hypsiprymnodon
Hypsiprymnodon_moschatus musk_kangaroo
subfamily_Potoroinae potoroinae
kangaroo_rat rat_kangaroo
genus_Potorous potorous
genus_Bettongia bettongia
kangaroo_jerboa jerboa_kangaroo
family_Phalangeridae phalangeridae
opossum phalanger
possum phalanger
genus_Trichosurus trichosurus
Trichosurus_vulpecula brush-tailed_phalanger
genus_Petaurus petaurus
flying_opossum flying_phalanger
flying_squirrel flying_phalanger
genus_Acrobates acrobates
genus_Phascolarctos phascolarctos
koala_bear koala
kangaroo_bear koala
native_bear koala
Phascolarctos_cinereus koala
family_Vombatidae vombatidae
family_Dasyuridae dasyuridae
family_Dasyurinae dasyuridae
dasyurid dasyurid_marsupial
genus_Dasyurus dasyurus
Dasyurus_quoll eastern_dasyure
Dasyurus_viverrinus native_cat
genus_Thylacinus thylacinus
Tasmanian_wolf thylacine
Tasmanian_tiger thylacine
Thylacinus_cynocephalus thylacine
genus_Sarcophilus sarcophilus
ursine_dasyure tasmanian_devil
Sarcophilus_hariisi tasmanian_devil
genus_Phascogale phascogale
marsupial_mouse pouched_mouse
marsupial_rat pouched_mouse
genus_Myrmecobius myrmecobius
banded_anteater numbat
anteater numbat
Myrmecobius_fasciatus numbat
family_Notoryctidae notoryctidae
genus_Notoryctus notoryctus
marsupial_mole pouched_mole
Notoryctus_typhlops pouched_mole
subclass_Eutheria eutheria
placental_mammal placental
eutherian placental
eutherian_mammal placental
stock livestock
farm_animal livestock
order_Insectivora insectivora
suborder_Lipotyphla lipotyphla
suborder_Menotyphla menotyphla
family_Talpidae talpidae
genus_Condylura condylura
star-nosed_mole starnose_mole
Condylura_cristata starnose_mole
genus_Parascalops parascalops
hair-tailed_mole brewer's_mole
Parascalops_breweri brewer's_mole
family_Chrysochloridae chrysochloridae
genus_Chrysochloris chrysochloris
genus_Uropsilus uropsilus
Uropsilus_soricipes asiatic_shrew_mole
genus_Neurotrichus neurotrichus
Neurotrichus_gibbsii american_shrew_mole
family_Soricidae soricidae
shrewmouse shrew
genus_Sorex sorex
Sorex_araneus common_shrew
Sorex_cinereus masked_shrew
genus_Blarina blarina
Blarina_brevicauda short-tailed_shrew
Sorex_palustris american_water_shrew
genus_Neomys neomys
Neomys_fodiens european_water_shrew
Neomys_anomalus mediterranean_water_shrew
genus_Cryptotis cryptotis
Cryptotis_parva least_shrew
family_Erinaceidae erinaceidae
genus_Erinaceus erinaceus
Erinaceus_europaeus hedgehog
Erinaceus_europeaeus hedgehog
family_Tenrecidae tenrecidae
tendrac tenrec
Tenrec_ecaudatus tailless_tenrec
family_Potamogalidae potamogalidae
potamogale otter_shrew
Potamogale_velox otter_shrew
wishing_bone wishbone
pelt hide
skin hide
plume feather
plumage feather
down_feather down
alula bastard_wing
spurious_wing bastard_wing
web vane
saddle_feather saddle_hackle
pelage coat
underfur undercoat
fleece wool
foretop forelock
vibrissa whisker
sensory_hair whisker
armour armor
shell carapace
cuticle carapace
shield carapace
phragmacone phragmocone
subkingdom_Parazoa parazoa
phylum_Porifera porifera
poriferan sponge
parazoan sponge
collar_cell choanocyte
class_Hyalospongiae hyalospongiae
genus_Euplectella euplectella
subkingdom_Metazoa metazoa
phylum_Cnidaria cnidaria
Coelenterata cnidaria
phylum_Coelenterata cnidaria
cnidarian coelenterate
medusoid medusa
medusan medusa
class_Scyphozoa scyphozoa
genus_Chrysaora chrysaora
class_Hydrozoa hydrozoa
hydroid hydrozoan
order_Siphonophora siphonophora
genus_Physalia physalia
man-of-war portuguese_man-of-war
jellyfish portuguese_man-of-war
genus_Sertularia sertularia
class_Anthozoa anthozoa
Actinozoa anthozoa
class_Actinozoa anthozoa
actinozoan anthozoan
order_Actiniaria actiniaria
Actinaria actiniaria
order_Actinaria actiniaria
anemone sea_anemone
actinian actinia
actiniarian actinia
genus_Actinia actinia
order_Alcyonaria alcyonaria
suborder_Alcyonacea alcyonacea
family_Pennatulidae pennatulidae
genus_Pennatula pennatula
suborder_Gorgonacea gorgonacea
Gorgoniacea gorgonacea
suborder_Gorgoniacea gorgonacea
gorgonian_coral gorgonian
order_Madreporaria madreporaria
madrepore stony_coral
madriporian_coral stony_coral
genus_Maeandra maeandra
genus_Acropora acropora
stag's-horn_coral staghorn_coral
genus_Fungia fungia
phylum_Ctenophora ctenophora
comb-plate ctene
comb_jelly ctenophore
class_Nuda nuda
class_Tentaculata tentaculata
order_Cydippida cydippida
Cydippidea cydippida
order_Cydippidea cydippida
Cydippea cydippida
order_Cydippea cydippida
order_Platyctenea platyctenea
family_Pleurobrachiidae pleurobrachiidae
genus_Pleurobrachia pleurobrachia
order_Cestida cestida
family_Cestidae cestidae
genus_Cestum cestum
Cestum_veneris venus's_girdle
order_Lobata lobata
parasitic_worm helminth
borer woodborer
phylum_Acanthocephala acanthocephala
spiny-headed_worm acanthocephalan
phylum_Chaetognatha chaetognatha
chaetognath arrowworm
phylum_Platyhelminthes platyhelminthes
platyhelminth flatworm
class_Turbellaria turbellaria
planaria planarian
class_Trematoda trematoda
trematode fluke
trematode_worm fluke
family_Fasciolidae fasciolidae
genus_Fasciola fasciola
Fasciola_hepatica liver_fluke
genus_Fasciolopsis fasciolopsis
family_Schistosomatidae schistosomatidae
genus_Schistosoma schistosoma
blood_fluke schistosome
class_Cestoda cestoda
cestode tapeworm
family_Taeniidae taeniidae
phylum_Nemertea nemertea
Nemertina nemertea
phylum_Nemertina nemertea
nemertean ribbon_worm
nemertine ribbon_worm
proboscis_worm ribbon_worm
phylum_Pogonophora pogonophora
pogonophoran beard_worm
phylum_Rotifera rotifera
phylum_Nematoda nematoda
Aschelminthes nematoda
phylum_Aschelminthes nematoda
class_Aphasmidia aphasmidia
class_Phasmidia phasmidia
nematode_worm nematode
roundworm nematode
family_Ascaridae ascaridae
genus_Ascaris ascaris
Ascaris_lumbricoides common_roundworm
genus_Ascaridia ascaridia
Ascaridia_galli chicken_roundworm
family_Oxyuridae oxyuridae
genus_Enterobius enterobius
threadworm pinworm
Enterobius_vermicularis pinworm
family_Cephalobidae cephalobidae
genus_Anguillula anguillula
Turbatrix anguillula
genus_Turbatrix anguillula
vinegar_worm vinegar_eel
Anguillula_aceti vinegar_eel
Turbatrix_aceti vinegar_eel
family_Tylenchidae tylenchidae
genus_Tylenchus tylenchus
wheat_eel wheatworm
wheat_eelworm wheatworm
Tylenchus_tritici wheatworm
family_Ancylostomatidae ancylostomatidae
Trichinella_spiralis trichina
family_Filariidae filariidae
family_Dracunculidae dracunculidae
genus_Dracunculus dracunculus
Dracunculus_medinensis guinea_worm
phylum_Annelida annelida
annelid_worm annelid
segmented_worm annelid
class_Archiannelida archiannelida
class_Oligochaeta oligochaeta
oligochaete_worm oligochaete
angleworm earthworm
fishworm earthworm
fishing_worm earthworm
wiggler earthworm
nightwalker earthworm
nightcrawler earthworm
crawler earthworm
dew_worm earthworm
red_worm earthworm
family_Branchiobdellidae branchiobdellidae
genus_Branchiobdella branchiobdella
class_Polychaeta polychaeta
polychete polychaete
polychaete_worm polychaete
polychete_worm polychaete
lug lugworm
lobworm lugworm
family_Terebellidae terebellidae
genus_Terebella terebella
genus_Polycirrus polycirrus
class_Hirudinea hirudinea
bloodsucker leech
hirudinean leech
family_Hirudinidae hirudinidae
genus_Hirudo hirudo
Hirudo_medicinalis medicinal_leech
genus_Haemopis haemopis
phylum_Mollusca mollusca
mollusc mollusk
shellfish mollusk
class_Scaphopoda scaphopoda
tusk_shell tooth_shell
class_Gastropoda gastropoda
Gasteropoda gastropoda
class_Gasteropoda gastropoda
univalve gastropod
family_Haliotidae haliotidae
genus_Haliotis haliotis
ear-shell abalone
sea-ear ormer
Haliotis_tuberculata ormer
family_Strombidae strombidae
genus_Lambis lambis
genus_Strombus strombus
Strombus_gigas giant_conch
family_Helicidae helicidae
genus_Helix helix
Helix_pomatia edible_snail
Helix_aspersa brown_snail
family_Limacidae limacidae
genus_Limax limax
family_Neritidae neritidae
neritid_gastropod neritid
Nerita_peloronta bleeding_tooth
family_Buccinidae buccinidae
family_Cymatiidae cymatiidae
family_Naticidae naticidae
moonshell moon_shell
family_Littorinidae littorinidae
genus_Littorina littorina
winkle periwinkle
family_Patellidae patellidae
genus_Patella patella
Patella_vulgata common_limpet
family_Fissurellidae fissurellidae
genus_Fissurella fissurella
Fissurella_apertura keyhole_limpet
Diodora_apertura keyhole_limpet
family_Ancylidae ancylidae
genus_Ancylus ancylus
freshwater_limpet river_limpet
Ancylus_fluviatilis river_limpet
subclass_Opisthobranchia opisthobranchia
order_Nudibranchia nudibranchia
nudibranch sea_slug
family_Aplysiidae aplysiidae
Tethyidae aplysiidae
family_Tethyidae aplysiidae
genus_Aplysia aplysia
Tethys aplysia
genus_Tethus aplysia
Aplysia_punctata sea_hare
genus_Hermissenda hermissenda
family_Akeridae akeridae
genus_Haminoea haminoea
order_Pulmonata pulmonata
family_Physidae physidae
order_Pectinibranchia pectinibranchia
family_Cypraeidae cypraeidae
genus_Cypraea cypraea
cowry cowrie
Cypraea_moneta money_cowrie
Cypraea_tigris tiger_cowrie
subclass_Amphineura amphineura
order_Solenogastres solenogastres
Aplacophora solenogastres
order_Aplacophora solenogastres
aplacophoran solenogaster
class_Polyplacophora polyplacophora
coat-of-mail_shell chiton
sea_cradle chiton
polyplacophore chiton
beard byssus
class_Bivalvia bivalvia
Lamellibranchia bivalvia
class_Lamellibranchia bivalvia
class_Pelecypoda bivalvia
pelecypod bivalve
lamellibranch bivalve
order_Myaceae myaceae
family_Myacidae myacidae
genus_Mya mya
steamer soft-shell_clam
steamer_clam soft-shell_clam
long-neck_clam soft-shell_clam
Mya_arenaria soft-shell_clam
family_Veneridae veneridae
genus_Venus venus
genus_Mercenaria mercenaria
quahaug quahog
hard-shell_clam quahog
hard_clam quahog
round_clam quahog
Venus_mercenaria quahog
Mercenaria_mercenaria quahog
littleneck_clam littleneck
cherrystone_clam cherrystone
family_Solenidae solenidae
genus_Ensis ensis
jackknife_clam razor_clam
knife-handle razor_clam
family_Tridacnidae tridacnidae
genus_Tridacna tridacna
Tridacna_gigas giant_clam
family_Cardiidae cardiidae
genus_Cardium cardium
Cardium_edule edible_cockle
family_Ostreidae ostreidae
genus_Ostrea ostrea
blue_point bluepoint
Ostrea_gigas japanese_oyster
genus_Crassostrea crassostrea
family_Pteriidae pteriidae
genus_Pinctada pinctada
Pinctada_margaritifera pearl_oyster
family_Anomiidae anomiidae
genus_Anomia anomia
Anomia_ephippium saddle_oyster
genus_Placuna placuna
windowpane_oyster window_oyster
capiz window_oyster
Placuna_placenta window_oyster
family_Arcidae arcidae
genus_Arca arca
family_Mytilidae mytilidae
genus_Mytilus mytilus
mytilid marine_mussel
Mytilus_edulis edible_mussel
freshwater_clam freshwater_mussel
family_Unionidae unionidae
genus_Unio unio
genus_Anodonta anodonta
genus_Dreissena dreissena
Dreissena_polymorpha zebra_mussel
family_Pectinidae pectinidae
scollop scallop
escallop scallop
Pecten_irradians bay_scallop
giant_scallop sea_scallop
Pecten_magellanicus sea_scallop
family_Teredinidae teredinidae
teredinid shipworm
genus_Bankia bankia
Bankia_setaceae giant_northwest_shipworm
family_Pholadidae pholadidae
genus_Pholas pholas
class_Cephalopoda cephalopoda
cephalopod_mollusk cephalopod
family_Nautilidae nautilidae
pearly_nautilus chambered_nautilus
nautilus chambered_nautilus
subclass_Dibranchiata dibranchiata
Dibranchia dibranchiata
subclass_Dibranchia dibranchiata
dibranchiate_mollusk dibranchiate
dibranch dibranchiate
order_Octopoda octopoda
family_Octopodidae octopodidae
devilfish octopus
family_Argonautidae argonautidae
genus_Argonauta argonauta
nautilus paper_nautilus
Argonaut paper_nautilus
Argonauta_argo paper_nautilus
order_Decapoda decapoda
giant_squid architeuthis
family_Sepiidae sepiidae
genus_Sepia sepia
cuttle cuttlefish
family_Spirulidae spirulidae
Spirula_peronii spirula
order_Belemnoidea belemnoidea
family_Belemnitidae belemnitidae
crop craw
ventriculus gizzard
gastric_mill gizzard
class_Crustacea crustacea
subclass_Malacostraca malacostraca
order_Decapoda decapoda
decapod decapod_crustacean
suborder_Brachyura brachyura
genus_Menippe menippe
Menippe_mercenaria stone_crab
family_Cancridae cancridae
genus_Cancer cancer
soft-shelled_crab soft-shell_crab
Cancer_magister dungeness_crab
Cancer_irroratus rock_crab
Cancer_borealis jonah_crab
family_Portunidae portunidae
genus_Portunus portunus
Portunus_puber english_lady_crab
genus_Ovalipes ovalipes
lady_crab american_lady_crab
calico_crab american_lady_crab
Ovalipes_ocellatus american_lady_crab
genus_Callinectes callinectes
Callinectes_sapidus blue_crab
genus_Uca uca
family_Pinnotheridae pinnotheridae
genus_Pinnotheres pinnotheres
Pinnotheres_ostreum oyster_crab
family_Lithodidae lithodidae
genus_Paralithodes paralithodes
Alaska_crab king_crab
Alaskan_king_crab king_crab
Alaska_king_crab king_crab
Paralithodes_camtschatica king_crab
family_Majidae majidae
genus_Maja maja
Maia maja
genus_Maia maja
king_crab european_spider_crab
Maja_squinado european_spider_crab
genus_Macrocheira macrocheira
Macrocheira_kaempferi giant_crab
suborder_Reptantia reptantia
family_Homaridae homaridae
genus_Homarus homarus
Northern_lobster american_lobster
Maine_lobster american_lobster
Homarus_americanus american_lobster
Homarus_vulgaris european_lobster
Homarus_capensis cape_lobster
family_Nephropsidae nephropsidae
genus_Nephrops nephrops
Nephrops_norvegicus norway_lobster
family_Palinuridae palinuridae
genus_Palinurus palinurus
langouste spiny_lobster
rock_lobster spiny_lobster
crawfish spiny_lobster
crayfish spiny_lobster
sea_crawfish spiny_lobster
family_Astacidae astacidae
Astacura astacidae
crawfish crayfish
crawdad crayfish
crawdaddy crayfish
genus_Astacus astacus
ecrevisse old_world_crayfish
genus_Cambarus cambarus
family_Paguridae paguridae
genus_Pagurus pagurus
suborder_Natantia natantia
family_Crangonidae crangonidae
genus_Crangon crangon
pistol_shrimp snapping_shrimp
family_Palaemonidae palaemonidae
genus_Palaemon palaemon
river_prawn long-clawed_prawn
Palaemon_australis long-clawed_prawn
family_Peneidae peneidae
genus_Peneus peneus
order_Euphausiacea euphausiacea
order_Mysidacea mysidacea
family_Mysidae mysidae
genus_Mysis mysis
genus_Praunus praunus
order_Stomatopoda stomatopoda
stomatopod_crustacean stomatopod
mantis_crab mantis_shrimp
family_Squillidae squillidae
mantis_prawn squilla
order_Isopoda isopoda
slater woodlouse
family_Armadillidiidae armadillidiidae
genus_Armadillidium armadillidium
family_Oniscidae oniscidae
genus_Oniscus oniscus
family_Porcellionidae porcellionidae
genus_Porcellio porcellio
sea_slater sea_louse
order_Amphipoda amphipoda
family_Orchestiidae orchestiidae
genus_Orchestia orchestia
sand_hopper beach_flea
sandhopper beach_flea
sand_flea beach_flea
genus_Caprella caprella
genus_Cyamus cyamus
subclass_Entomostraca entomostraca
subclass_Branchiopoda branchiopoda
branchiopod branchiopod_crustacean
branchiopodan branchiopod_crustacean
water_flea daphnia
order_Anostraca anostraca
genus_Artemia artemia
Chirocephalus artemia
genus_Chirocephalus artemia
Artemia_salina brine_shrimp
order_Notostraca notostraca
family_Triopidae triopidae
genus_Triops triops
subclass_Copepoda copepoda
copepod_crustacean copepod
britt brit
water_flea cyclops
order_Branchiura branchiura
subclass_Ostracoda ostracoda
mussel_shrimp seed_shrimp
ostracod seed_shrimp
subclass_Cirripedia cirripedia
cirriped barnacle
cirripede barnacle
family_Balanidae balanidae
genus_Balanus balanus
rock_barnacle acorn_barnacle
Balanus_balanoides acorn_barnacle
family_Lepadidae lepadidae
genus_Lepas lepas
gooseneck_barnacle goose_barnacle
Lepas_fascicularis goose_barnacle
class_Onychophora onychophora
velvet_worm onychophoran
peripatus onychophoran
family_Peripatidae peripatidae
genus_Plicatoperipatus plicatoperipatus
family_Peripatopsidae peripatopsidae
genus_Peripatopsis peripatopsis
wader wading_bird
order_Ciconiiformes ciconiiformes
family_Ciconiidae ciconiidae
genus_Ciconia ciconia
Ciconia_ciconia white_stork
Ciconia_nigra black_stork
genus_Leptoptilus leptoptilus
adjutant adjutant_bird
adjutant_stork adjutant_bird
Leptoptilus_dubius adjutant_bird
marabout marabou
marabou_stork marabou
Leptoptilus_crumeniferus marabou
genus_Anastomus anastomus
Jabiru_mycteria jabiru
genus_Ephippiorhynchus ephippiorhynchus
jabiru saddlebill
Ephippiorhynchus_senegalensis saddlebill
genus_Xenorhyncus xenorhyncus
black-necked_stork policeman_bird
jabiru policeman_bird
Xenorhyncus_asiaticus policeman_bird
genus_Mycteria mycteria
wood_stork wood_ibis
flinthead wood_ibis
Mycteria_americana wood_ibis
family_Balaenicipitidae balaenicipitidae
genus_Balaeniceps balaeniceps
shoebird shoebill
Balaeniceps_rex shoebill
family_Threskiornithidae threskiornithidae
family_Ibidiidae threskiornithidae
wood_stork wood_ibis
Ibis_ibis wood_ibis
genus_Threskiornis threskiornis
Threskiornis_aethiopica sacred_ibis
family_Plataleidae plataleidae
genus_Platalea platalea
Platalea_leucorodia common_spoonbill
genus_Ajaia ajaia
Ajaia_ajaja roseate_spoonbill
family_Phoenicopteridae phoenicopteridae
family_Ardeidae ardeidae
genus_Ardea ardea
Ardea_herodius great_blue_heron
Ardea_occidentalis great_white_heron
genus_Egretta egretta
Egretta_caerulea little_blue_heron
snowy_heron snowy_egret
Egretta_thula snowy_egret
Egretta_garzetta little_egret
genus_Casmerodius casmerodius
Casmerodius_albus great_white_heron
great_white_heron american_egret
Egretta_albus american_egret
genus_Bubulcus bubulcus
Bubulcus_ibis cattle_egret
night_raven night_heron
genus_Nycticorax nycticorax
Nycticorax_nycticorax black-crowned_night_heron
genus_Nyctanassa nyctanassa
Nyctanassa_violacea yellow-crowned_night_heron
genus_Cochlearius cochlearius
boat-billed_heron boatbill
broadbill boatbill
Cochlearius_cochlearius boatbill
genus_Botaurus botaurus
stake_driver american_bittern
Botaurus_lentiginosus american_bittern
Botaurus_stellaris european_bittern
genus_Ixobrychus ixobrychus
Ixobrychus_exilis least_bittern
order_Gruiformes gruiformes
family_Gruidae gruidae
genus_Grus grus
whooper whooping_crane
Grus_americana whooping_crane
genus_Aramus aramus
Aramus_guarauna courlan
Aramus_pictus limpkin
family_Cariamidae cariamidae
genus_Cariama cariama
seriema crested_cariama
Cariama_cristata crested_cariama
seriema chunga
Chunga_burmeisteri chunga
family_Rallidae rallidae
genus_Gallirallus gallirallus
maori_hen weka
wood_hen weka
genus_Crex crex
land_rail corncrake
Crex_crex corncrake
genus_Porzana porzana
Porzana_porzana spotted_crake
genus_Gallinula gallinula
marsh_hen gallinule
water_hen gallinule
swamphen gallinule
Gallinula_chloropus_cachinnans florida_gallinule
Gallinula_chloropus moorhen
genus_Porphyrio porphyrio
Porphyrio_porphyrio european_gallinule
genus_Porphyrula porphyrula
Porphyrula_martinica american_gallinule
takahe notornis
Notornis_mantelli notornis
genus_Fulica fulica
marsh_hen american_coot
mud_hen american_coot
water_hen american_coot
Fulica_americana american_coot
Fulica_atra old_world_coot
suborder_Otides otides
family_Otididae otididae
genus_Otis otis
Otis_tarda great_bustard
genus_Choriotis choriotis
Choriotis_australis plain_turkey
family_Turnicidae turnicidae
genus_Turnix turnix
button-quail button_quail
bustard_quail button_quail
hemipode button_quail
Turnix_sylvatica striped_button_quail
genus_Pedionomus pedionomus
Pedionomus_torquatus plain_wanderer
family_Psophiidae psophiidae
genus_Psophia psophia
Psophia_crepitans brazilian_trumpeter
order_Charadriiformes charadriiformes
sea_bird seabird
seafowl seabird
suborder_Charadrii charadrii
suborder_Limicolae limicolae
shore_bird shorebird
limicoline_bird shorebird
family_Charadriidae charadriidae
genus_Charadrius charadrius
Charadrius_melodus piping_plover
kildeer killdeer
killdeer_plover killdeer
Charadrius_vociferus killdeer
dotrel dotterel
Charadrius_morinellus dotterel
Eudromias_morinellus dotterel
genus_Pluvialis pluvialis
genus_Vanellus vanellus
green_plover lapwing
peewit lapwing
pewit lapwing
genus_Arenaria arenaria
Arenaria_interpres ruddy_turnstone
Arenaria-Melanocephala black_turnstone
family_Scolopacidae scolopacidae
genus_Aphriza aphriza
Aphriza_virgata surfbird
genus_Actitis actitis
Actitis_hypoleucos european_sandpiper
Actitis_macularia spotted_sandpiper
genus_Erolia erolia
stint least_sandpiper
Erolia_minutilla least_sandpiper
dunlin red-backed_sandpiper
Erolia_alpina red-backed_sandpiper
genus_Tringa tringa
Tringa_nebularia greenshank
Tringa_totanus redshank
Tringa_melanoleuca greater_yellowlegs
Tringa_flavipes lesser_yellowlegs
genus_Calidris calidris
jacksnipe pectoral_sandpiper
Calidris_melanotos pectoral_sandpiper
greyback knot
grayback knot
Calidris_canutus knot
Calidris_Ferruginea curlew_sandpiper
genus_Crocethia crocethia
Crocethia_alba sanderling
genus_Bartramia bartramia
upland_plover upland_sandpiper
Bartramian_sandpiper upland_sandpiper
Bartramia_longicauda upland_sandpiper
genus_Philomachus philomachus
Philomachus_pugnax ruff
genus_Heteroscelus heteroscelus
Heteroscelus_incanus polynesian_tattler
genus_Catoptrophorus catoptrophorus
Catoptrophorus_semipalmatus willet
genus_Scolopax scolopax
Scolopax_rusticola eurasian_woodcock
genus_Philohela philohela
woodcock_snipe american_woodcock
Philohela_minor american_woodcock
genus_Gallinago gallinago
Capella gallinago
genus_Capella gallinago
Gallinago_gallinago whole_snipe
Gallinago_gallinago_delicata wilson's_snipe
woodcock_snipe great_snipe
Gallinago_media great_snipe
genus_Limnocryptes limnocryptes
half_snipe jacksnipe
Limnocryptes_minima jacksnipe
genus_Limnodromus limnodromus
grayback greyback
Limnodromus_griseus greyback
Limnodromus_scolopaceus red-breasted_snipe
genus_Numenius numenius
Numenius_arquata european_curlew
Numenius_borealis eskimo_curlew
genus_Limosa limosa
Limosa_haemastica hudsonian_godwit
genus_Himantopus himantopus
stiltbird stilt
longlegs stilt
long-legs stilt
stilt_plover stilt
Himantopus_stilt stilt
Himantopus_mexicanus black-necked_stilt
Himantopus_himantopus black-winged_stilt
Himantopus_himantopus_leucocephalus white-headed_stilt
Himantopus_novae-zelandiae kaki
genus_Cladorhyncus cladorhyncus
Australian_stilt stilt
Cladorhyncus_leucocephalum banded_stilt
family_Recurvirostridae recurvirostridae
genus_Recurvirostra recurvirostra
family_Haematopodidae haematopodidae
genus_Haematopus haematopus
oyster_catcher oystercatcher
family_Phalaropidae phalaropidae
genus_Phalaropus phalaropus
Phalaropus_fulicarius red_phalarope
genus_Lobipes lobipes
Lobipes_lobatus northern_phalarope
genus_Steganopus steganopus
Steganopus_tricolor wilson's_phalarope
family_Glareolidae glareolidae
genus_Glareola glareola
glareole pratincole
genus_Cursorius cursorius
Cursorius_cursor cream-colored_courser
genus_Pluvianus pluvianus
Pluvianus_aegyptius crocodile_bird
family_Burhinidae burhinidae
genus_Burhinus burhinus
thick-knee stone_curlew
Burhinus_oedicnemus stone_curlew
suborder_Lari lari
family_Laridae laridae
seagull gull
sea_gull gull
genus_Larus larus
mew_gull mew
sea_mew mew
Larus_canus mew
great_black-backed_gull black-backed_gull
cob black-backed_gull
Larus_marinus black-backed_gull
Larus_argentatus herring_gull
blackcap laughing_gull
pewit laughing_gull
pewit_gull laughing_gull
Larus_ridibundus laughing_gull
genus_Pagophila pagophila
Pagophila_eburnea ivory_gull
genus_Rissa rissa
subfamily_Sterninae sterninae
genus_Sterna sterna
Sterna_hirundo sea_swallow
family_Rynchopidae rynchopidae
genus_Rynchops rynchops
family_Stercorariidae stercorariidae
genus_Stercorarius stercorarius
arctic_skua parasitic_jaeger
Stercorarius_parasiticus parasitic_jaeger
genus_Catharacta catharacta
bonxie skua
Catharacta_skua great_skua
family_Alcidae alcidae
genus_Alca alca
razor-billed_auk razorbill
Alca_torda razorbill
genus_Plautus plautus
dovekie little_auk
Plautus_alle little_auk
genus_Pinguinus pinguinus
Pinguinus_impennis great_auk
genus_Cepphus cepphus
Cepphus_grylle black_guillemot
Cepphus_columba pigeon_guillemot
genus_Uria uria
Uria_aalge common_murre
Uria_lomvia thick-billed_murre
genus_Fratercula fratercula
Fratercula_arctica atlantic_puffin
Fratercula_corniculata horned_puffin
genus_Lunda lunda
Lunda_cirrhata tufted_puffin
order_Gaviiformes gaviiformes
family_Gavidae gavidae
genus_Gavia gavia
diver loon
order_Podicipitiformes podicipitiformes
Podicipediformes podicipitiformes
order_Podicipediformes podicipitiformes
Colymbiformes podicipitiformes
order_Colymbiformes podicipitiformes
family_Podicipedidae podicipedidae
genus_Podiceps podiceps
Podiceps_cristatus great_crested_grebe
Podiceps_grisegena red-necked_grebe
eared_grebe black-necked_grebe
Podiceps_nigricollis black-necked_grebe
little_grebe dabchick
Podiceps_ruficollis dabchick
genus_Podilymbus podilymbus
Podilymbus_podiceps pied-billed_grebe
order_Pelecaniformes pelecaniformes
family_Pelecanidae pelecanidae
genus_Pelecanus pelecanus
Pelecanus_erythrorhynchos white_pelican
Pelecanus_onocrotalus old_world_white_pelican
family_Fregatidae fregatidae
genus_Fregata fregata
man-of-war_bird frigate_bird
family_Sulidae sulidae
genus_Sula sula
solan_goose solan
solant_goose solan
Sula_bassana solan
family_Phalacrocoracidae phalacrocoracidae
genus_Phalacrocorax phalacrocorax
Phalacrocorax_carbo cormorant
family_Anhingidae anhingidae
anhinga snakebird
darter snakebird
Anhinga_anhinga water_turkey
family_Phaethontidae phaethontidae
genus_Phaethon phaethon
tropicbird tropic_bird
boatswain_bird tropic_bird
order_Sphenisciformes sphenisciformes
family_Spheniscidae spheniscidae
genus_Pygoscelis pygoscelis
Adelie_penguin adelie
Pygoscelis_adeliae adelie
genus_Aptenodytes aptenodytes
Aptenodytes_patagonica king_penguin
Aptenodytes_forsteri emperor_penguin
genus_Spheniscus spheniscus
Spheniscus_demersus jackass_penguin
genus_Eudyptes eudyptes
crested_penguin rock_hopper
order_Procellariiformes procellariiformes
oceanic_bird pelagic_bird
family_Diomedeidae diomedeidae
mollymawk albatross
Diomedea_exulans wandering_albatross
gooney black-footed_albatross
gooney_bird black-footed_albatross
goonie black-footed_albatross
goony black-footed_albatross
Diomedea_nigripes black-footed_albatross
family_Procellariidae procellariidae
genus_Procellaria procellaria
Procellaria_aequinoctialis white-chinned_petrel
genus_Macronectes macronectes
giant_fulmar giant_petrel
Macronectes_giganteus giant_petrel
genus_Fulmarus fulmarus
fulmar_petrel fulmar
Fulmarus_glacialis fulmar
genus_Puffinus puffinus
Puffinus_puffinus manx_shearwater
family_Hydrobatidae hydrobatidae
genus_Hydrobates hydrobates
northern_storm_petrel stormy_petrel
Hydrobates_pelagicus stormy_petrel
genus_Oceanites oceanites
Mother_Carey's_hen mother_carey's_chicken
Oceanites_oceanicus mother_carey's_chicken
family_Pelecanoididae pelecanoididae
order_Cetacea cetacea
cetacean_mammal cetacean
blower cetacean
suborder_Mysticeti mysticeti
whalebone_whale baleen_whale
family_Balaenidae balaenidae
genus_Balaena balaena
bowhead_whale bowhead
Greenland_whale bowhead
Balaena_mysticetus bowhead
family_Balaenopteridae balaenopteridae
razorback rorqual
genus_Balaenoptera balaenoptera
sulfur_bottom blue_whale
Balaenoptera_musculus blue_whale
finback_whale finback
fin_whale finback
common_rorqual finback
Balaenoptera_physalus finback
Balaenoptera_borealis sei_whale
piked_whale lesser_rorqual
minke_whale lesser_rorqual
Balaenoptera_acutorostrata lesser_rorqual
genus_Megaptera megaptera
humpback_whale humpback
Megaptera_novaeangliae humpback
family_Eschrichtiidae eschrichtiidae
genus_Eschrichtius eschrichtius
gray_whale grey_whale
devilfish grey_whale
Eschrichtius_gibbosus grey_whale
Eschrichtius_robustus grey_whale
suborder_Odontoceti odontoceti
family_Physeteridae physeteridae
genus_Physeter physeter
cachalot sperm_whale
black_whale sperm_whale
Physeter_catodon sperm_whale
genus_Kogia kogia
Kogia_breviceps pygmy_sperm_whale
Kogia_simus dwarf_sperm_whale
family_Ziphiidae ziphiidae
Hyperodontidae ziphiidae
family_Hyperodontidae ziphiidae
genus_Hyperoodon hyperoodon
bottlenose_whale bottle-nosed_whale
bottlenose bottle-nosed_whale
Hyperoodon_ampullatus bottle-nosed_whale
family_Delphinidae delphinidae
genus_Delphinus delphinus
Delphinus_delphis common_dolphin
genus_Tursiops tursiops
bottle-nosed_dolphin bottlenose_dolphin
bottlenose bottlenose_dolphin
Tursiops_truncatus atlantic_bottlenose_dolphin
Tursiops_gilli pacific_bottlenose_dolphin
genus_Phocoena phocoena
herring_hog harbor_porpoise
Phocoena_phocoena harbor_porpoise
Phocoena_sinus vaquita
Grampus_griseus grampus
genus_Orcinus orcinus
killer killer_whale
orca killer_whale
grampus killer_whale
sea_wolf killer_whale
Orcinus_orca killer_whale
genus_Globicephala globicephala
black_whale pilot_whale
common_blackfish pilot_whale
blackfish pilot_whale
Globicephala_melaena pilot_whale
family_Platanistidae platanistidae
family_Monodontidae monodontidae
genus_Monodon monodon
narwal narwhal
narwhale narwhal
Monodon_monoceros narwhal
genus_Delphinapterus delphinapterus
beluga white_whale
Delphinapterus_leucas white_whale
order_Sirenia sirenia
sirenian_mammal sea_cow
sirenian sea_cow
family_Trichechidae trichechidae
genus_Trichecus trichechus
Trichechus_manatus manatee
family_Dugongidae dugongidae
Dugong_dugon dugong
genus_Hydrodamalis hydrodamalis
Hydrodamalis_gigas steller's_sea_cow
order_Carnivora carnivora
suborder_Pinnipedia pinnipedia
pinniped pinniped_mammal
pinnatiped pinniped_mammal
crab-eating_seal crabeater_seal
family_Otariidae otariidae
genus_Arctocephalus arctocephalus
Arctocephalus_philippi guadalupe_fur_seal
genus_Callorhinus callorhinus
Callorhinus_ursinus alaska_fur_seal
genus_Otaria otaria
Otaria_Byronia south_american_sea_lion
genus_Zalophus zalophus
Zalophus_californianus california_sea_lion
Zalophus_californicus california_sea_lion
Zalophus_lobatus australian_sea_lion
genus_Eumetopias eumetopias
Steller's_sea_lion steller_sea_lion
Eumetopias_jubatus steller_sea_lion
family_Phocidae phocidae
true_seal earless_seal
hair_seal earless_seal
genus_Phoca phoca
common_seal harbor_seal
Phoca_vitulina harbor_seal
genus_Pagophilus pagophilus
Pagophilus_groenlandicus harp_seal
genus_Mirounga mirounga
sea_elephant elephant_seal
genus_Erignathus erignathus
squareflipper_square_flipper bearded_seal
Erignathus_barbatus bearded_seal
genus_Cystophora cystophora
bladdernose hooded_seal
Cystophora_cristata hooded_seal
family_Odobenidae odobenidae
genus_Odobenus odobenus
seahorse walrus
sea_horse walrus
Odobenus_rosmarus atlantic_walrus
Odobenus_divergens pacific_walrus
fissiped fissiped_mammal
order_Tubulidentata tubulidentata
family_Orycteropodidae orycteropodidae
genus_Orycteropus orycteropus
ant_bear aardvark
anteater aardvark
Orycteropus_afer aardvark
family_Canidae canidae
canid canine
genus_Canis canis
domestic_dog dog
Canis_familiaris dog
doggie pooch
doggy pooch
barker pooch
bow-wow pooch
mongrel cur
mutt cur
fice feist
pye-dog pariah_dog
pie-dog pariah_dog
toy toy_dog
Maltese_terrier maltese_dog
Maltese maltese_dog
Pekingese pekinese
Peke pekinese
hound_dog hound
Afghan afghan_hound
basset_hound basset
sleuthhound bloodhound
dachsie dachshund
badger_dog dachshund
sausage_hound sausage_dog
Walker_foxhound walker_hound
Russian_wolfhound borzoi
Ibizan_Podenco ibizan_hound
elkhound norwegian_elkhound
otter_hound otterhound
gazelle_hound saluki
deerhound scottish_deerhound
bull_terrier bullterrier
Staffordshire_bull_terrier staffordshire_bullterrier
Staffordshire_terrier american_staffordshire_terrier
American_pit_bull_terrier american_staffordshire_terrier
pit_bull_terrier american_staffordshire_terrier
ratter rat_terrier
black-and-tan_terrier manchester_terrier
toy_Manchester_terrier toy_manchester
wirehaired_terrier wirehair
wire-haired_terrier wirehair
Sealyham sealyham_terrier
Airedale_terrier airedale
cairn_terrier cairn
Dandie_Dinmont_terrier dandie_dinmont
Boston_terrier boston_bull
Scottish_terrier scotch_terrier
Scottie scotch_terrier
chrysanthemum_dog tibetan_terrier
Sydney_silky silky_terrier
Lhasa_apso lhasa
gun_dog sporting_dog
Spanish_pointer pointer
Hungarian_pointer vizsla
red_setter irish_setter
clumber_spaniel clumber
springer springer_spaniel
English_springer_spaniel english_springer
English_cocker_spaniel cocker_spaniel
cocker cocker_spaniel
wire-haired_pointing_griffon griffon
guard_dog watchdog
sheepdog shepherd_dog
sheep_dog shepherd_dog
Belgian_shepherd belgian_sheepdog
bobtail old_english_sheepdog
Shetland_sheep_dog shetland_sheepdog
Shetland shetland_sheepdog
Bouviers_des_Flandres bouvier_des_flandres
German_shepherd_dog german_shepherd
German_police_dog german_shepherd
alsatian german_shepherd
Doberman_pinscher doberman
English_bulldog bulldog
St_Bernard saint_bernard
sledge_dog sled_dog
husky eskimo_dog
malemute malamute
Alaskan_malamute malamute
coach_dog dalmatian
carriage_dog dalmatian
monkey_pinscher affenpinscher
monkey_dog affenpinscher
pug-dog pug
Newfoundland_dog newfoundland
Samoyede samoyed
chow_chow chow
Brussels_griffon griffon
Belgian_griffon griffon
Welsh_corgi corgi
Pembroke_Welsh_corgi pembroke
Cardigan_Welsh_corgi cardigan
poodle_dog poodle
grey_wolf timber_wolf
gray_wolf timber_wolf
Canis_lupus timber_wolf
Arctic_wolf white_wolf
Canis_lupus_tundrarum white_wolf
maned_wolf red_wolf
Canis_rufus red_wolf
Canis_niger red_wolf
prairie_wolf coyote
brush_wolf coyote
Canis_latrans coyote
Canis_aureus jackal
warrigal dingo
warragal dingo
Canis_dingo dingo
Cyon cuon
genus_Cuon cuon
genus_Cyon cuon
Cuon_alpinus dhole
genus_Dusicyon dusicyon
crab-eating_fox crab-eating_dog
Dusicyon_cancrivorus crab-eating_dog
genus_Nyctereutes nyctereutes
Nyctereutes_procyonides raccoon_dog
genus_Lycaeon lycaeon
hyena_dog african_hunting_dog
Cape_hunting_dog african_hunting_dog
Lycaon_pictus african_hunting_dog
family_Hyaenidae hyaenidae
hyaena hyena
Hyaena_hyaena striped_hyena
strand_wolf brown_hyena
Hyaena_brunnea brown_hyena
genus_Crocuta crocuta
laughing_hyena spotted_hyena
Crocuta_crocuta spotted_hyena
genus_Proteles proteles
Proteles_cristata aardwolf
genus_Vulpes vulpes
Vulpes_vulpes red_fox
Vulpes_fulva red_fox
prairie_fox kit_fox
Vulpes_velox kit_fox
Vulpes_macrotis kit_fox
genus_Alopex alopex
white_fox arctic_fox
Alopex_lagopus arctic_fox
genus_Urocyon urocyon
gray_fox grey_fox
Urocyon_cinereoargenteus grey_fox
family_Felidae felidae
felid feline
genus_Felis felis
true_cat cat
house_cat domestic_cat
Felis_domesticus domestic_cat
Felis_catus domestic_cat
kitty-cat kitty
puss kitty
pussy kitty
pussycat kitty
tomcat tom
queen tabby
kitty kitten
tabby_cat tabby
tortoiseshell-cat tortoiseshell
calico_cat tortoiseshell
Angora_cat angora
Siamese siamese_cat
Maltese_cat maltese
Abyssinian_cat abyssinian
Manx_cat manx
catamountain european_wildcat
Felis_silvestris european_wildcat
puma cougar
catamount cougar
mountain_lion cougar
painter cougar
panther cougar
Felis_concolor cougar
panther_cat ocelot
Felis_pardalis ocelot
jaguarundi_cat jaguarundi
jaguarondi jaguarundi
eyra jaguarundi
Felis_yagouaroundi jaguarundi
caffer_cat kaffir_cat
Felis_ocreata kaffir_cat
Felis_chaus jungle_cat
Felis_serval serval
Felis_bengalensis leopard_cat
Felis_tigrina tiger_cat
margay_cat margay
Felis_wiedi margay
Pallas's_cat manul
Felis_manul manul
catamount lynx
Lynx_lynx common_lynx
Lynx_canadensis canada_lynx
bay_lynx bobcat
Lynx_rufus bobcat
Lynx_pardina spotted_lynx
desert_lynx caracal
Lynx_caracal caracal
cat big_cat
genus_Panthera panthera
Panthera_pardus leopard
ounce snow_leopard
Panthera_uncia snow_leopard
panther jaguar
Panthera_onca jaguar
Felis_onca jaguar
king_of_beasts lion
Panthera_leo lion
Panthera_tigris tiger
tigon tiglon
genus_Acinonyx acinonyx
chetah cheetah
Acinonyx_jubatus cheetah
sabertooth saber-toothed_tiger
genus_Smiledon smiledon
genus_Nimravus nimravus
family_Ursidae ursidae
genus_Ursus ursus
bruin brown_bear
Ursus_arctos brown_bear
Ursus_arctos_syriacus syrian_bear
grizzly_bear grizzly
silvertip grizzly
silver-tip grizzly
Ursus_horribilis grizzly
Ursus_arctos_horribilis grizzly
Kodiak_bear alaskan_brown_bear
Kodiak alaskan_brown_bear
Ursus_middendorffi alaskan_brown_bear
Ursus_arctos_middendorffi alaskan_brown_bear
genus_Euarctos euarctos
black_bear american_black_bear
Ursus_americanus american_black_bear
Euarctos_americanus american_black_bear
genus_Selenarctos selenarctos
black_bear asiatic_black_bear
Ursus_thibetanus asiatic_black_bear
Selenarctos_thibetanus asiatic_black_bear
genus_Thalarctos thalarctos
polar_bear ice_bear
Ursus_Maritimus ice_bear
Thalarctos_maritimus ice_bear
genus_Melursus melursus
Melursus_ursinus sloth_bear
Ursus_ursinus sloth_bear
family_Viverridae viverridae
Viverrinae viverridae
family_Viverrinae viverridae
viverrine_mammal viverrine
civet_cat civet
genus_Viverra viverra
Viverra_zibetha large_civet
genus_Viverricula viverricula
Viverricula_indica small_civet
Viverricula_malaccensis small_civet
genus_Arctictis arctictis
bearcat binturong
Arctictis_bintourong binturong
genus_Cryptoprocta cryptoprocta
fossa_cat fossa
Cryptoprocta_ferox fossa
genus_Fossa fossa
Fossa_fossa fanaloka
genus_Genetta genetta
Genetta_genetta genet
genus_Hemigalus hemigalus
Hemigalus_hardwickii banded_palm_civet
genus_Herpestes herpestes
Herpestes_nyula indian_mongoose
Herpestes_ichneumon ichneumon
genus_Paradoxurus paradoxurus
palm_civet palm_cat
genus_Suricata suricata
mierkat meerkat
Suricata_suricatta slender-tailed_meerkat
Suricata_tetradactyla suricate
order_Chiroptera chiroptera
chiropteran bat
suborder_Megachiroptera megachiroptera
megabat fruit_bat
genus_Pteropus pteropus
genus_Nyctimene nyctimene
harpy_bat harpy
tube-nosed_bat harpy
tube-nosed_fruit_bat harpy
genus_Cynopterus cynopterus
suborder_Microchiroptera microchiroptera
microbat carnivorous_bat
leaf-nosed_bat leafnose_bat
family_Phyllostomidae phyllostomidae
Phyllostomatidae phyllostomidae
family_Phyllostomatidae phyllostomidae
Macrotus_californicus macrotus
genus_Phyllostomus phyllostomus
genus_Choeronycteris choeronycteris
Choeronycteris_mexicana hognose_bat
family_Rhinolophidae rhinolophidae
family_Hipposideridae hipposideridae
genus_Hipposideros hipposideros
genus_Rhinonicteris rhinonicteris
orange_horseshoe_bat orange_bat
Rhinonicteris_aurantius orange_bat
family_Megadermatidae megadermatidae
false_vampire_bat false_vampire
genus_Megaderma megaderma
Megaderma_lyra big-eared_bat
family_Vespertilionidae vespertilionidae
vespertilionid vespertilian_bat
genus_Vespertilio vespertilio
Vespertilio_murinus frosted_bat
genus_Lasiurus lasiurus
Lasiurus_borealis red_bat
genus_Myotis myotis
little_brown_myotis little_brown_bat
Myotis_leucifugus little_brown_bat
Myotis_velifer cave_myotis
genus_Eptesicus eptesicus
Eptesicus_fuscus big_brown_bat
European_brown_bat serotine
Eptesicus_serotinus serotine
genus_Antrozous antrozous
cave_bat pallid_bat
Antrozous_pallidus pallid_bat
genus_Pipistrellus pipistrellus
pipistrel pipistrelle
Pipistrellus_pipistrellus pipistrelle
Pipistrellus_subflavus eastern_pipistrel
SPipistrellus_hesperus western_pipistrel
genus_Euderma euderma
spotted_bat jackass_bat
Euderma_maculata jackass_bat
genus_Plecotus plecotus
Plecotus_townsendi western_big-eared_bat
family_Molossidae molossidae
genus_Tadarida tadarida
free-tailed_bat freetail
freetailed_bat freetail
Mexican_freetail_bat guano_bat
Tadarida_brasiliensis guano_bat
pocketed_freetail_bat pocketed_bat
Tadirida_femorosacca pocketed_bat
genus_Eumops eumops
family_Desmodontidae desmodontidae
true_vampire_bat vampire_bat
genus_Desmodus desmodus
genus_Diphylla diphylla
Diphylla_ecaudata hairy-legged_vampire_bat
fore-wing forewing
fore_wing forewing
haltere halter
balancer halter
pinion pennon
elytron wing_case
predatory_animal predator
quarry prey
foot animal_foot
cloven_hoof cloven_foot
caliculus calyculus
calycle calyculus
eyecup optic_cup
chela claw
nipper claw
pincer claw
bob bobtail
dock bobtail
class_Insecta insecta
Hexapoda insecta
class_Hexapoda insecta
ephemeral ephemeron
metabola holometabola
order_mantophasmatodea mantophasmatodea
order_Mecoptera mecoptera
family_Panorpidae panorpidae
family_Bittacidae bittacidae
order_Collembola collembola
springtail collembolan
order_Protura protura
telsontail proturan
order_Coleoptera coleoptera
family_Cicindelidae cicindelidae
family_Coccinellidae coccinellidae
ladybeetle ladybug
lady_beetle ladybug
ladybird ladybug
ladybird_beetle ladybug
genus_Adalia adalia
Adalia_bipunctata two-spotted_ladybug
genus_Epilachna epilachna
bean_beetle mexican_bean_beetle
Epilachna_varivestis mexican_bean_beetle
genus_Hippodamia hippodamia
genus_Rodolia rodolia
genus_Vedalia rodolia
Rodolia_cardinalis vedalia
family_Carabidae carabidae
carabid_beetle ground_beetle
genus_Brachinus brachinus
searcher_beetle searcher
Calosoma_scrutator searcher
family_Lampyridae lampyridae
lightning_bug firefly
family_Cerambycidae cerambycidae
longicorn long-horned_beetle
longicorn_beetle long-horned_beetle
genus_Monochamus monochamus
sawyer_beetle sawyer
family_Chrysomelidae chrysomelidae
chrysomelid leaf_beetle
genus_Leptinotarsa leptinotarsa
Colorado_beetle colorado_potato_beetle
potato_bug colorado_potato_beetle
potato_beetle colorado_potato_beetle
Leptinotarsa_decemlineata colorado_potato_beetle
family_Dermestidae dermestidae
carpet_bug carpet_beetle
Anthrenus_scrophulariae buffalo_carpet_beetle
family_Cleridae cleridae
clerid clerid_beetle
superfamily_Lamellicornia lamellicornia
family_Scarabaeidae scarabaeidae
scarabaeid scarabaeid_beetle
scarabaean scarabaeid_beetle
scarabaeus scarab
Scarabaeus_sacer scarab
June_bug june_beetle
May_bug june_beetle
May_beetle june_beetle
figeater green_june_beetle
genus_Popillia popillia
Popillia_japonica japanese_beetle
genus_Anomala anomala
Asiatic_beetle oriental_beetle
Anomala_orientalis oriental_beetle
subfamily_Melolonthidae melolonthidae
genus_Melolontha melolontha
May_bug cockchafer
May_beetle cockchafer
Melolontha_melolontha cockchafer
genus_Macrodactylus macrodactylus
rose_bug rose_chafer
Macrodactylus_subspinosus rose_chafer
subfamily_Cetoniidae cetoniidae
genus_Cetonia cetonia
rose_beetle rose_chafer
Cetonia_aurata rose_chafer
family_Lucanidae lucanidae
family_Elateridae elateridae
elater elaterid_beetle
elaterid elaterid_beetle
skipjack click_beetle
snapping_beetle click_beetle
genus_Pyrophorus pyrophorus
fire_beetle firefly
Pyrophorus_noctiluca firefly
family_Dytiscidae dytiscidae
family_Gyrinidae gyrinidae
family_Anobiidae anobiidae
deathwatch deathwatch_beetle
Xestobium_rufovillosum deathwatch_beetle
family_Curculionidae curculionidae
genus_Anthonomus anthonomus
Anthonomus_grandis boll_weevil
family_Meloidae meloidae
meloid blister_beetle
family_Scolytidae scolytidae
Ipidae scolytidae
family_Ipidae scolytidae
genus_Scolytus scolytus
Scolytus_multistriatus dutch-elm_beetle
genus_Dendroctonus dendroctonus
Dendroctonus_rufipennis spruce_bark_beetle
family_Staphylinidae staphylinidae
family_Tenebrionidae tenebrionidae
darkling_groung_beetle darkling_beetle
tenebrionid darkling_beetle
genus_Tribolium tribolium
flour_weevil flour_beetle
family_Bruchidae bruchidae
seed_weevil seed_beetle
genus_Bruchus bruchus
Bruchus_pisorum pea_weevil
genus_Acanthoscelides acanthoscelides
Acanthoscelides_obtectus bean_weevil
genus_Sitophylus sitophylus
black_weevil rice_weevil
Sitophylus_oryzae rice_weevil
Anoplophora_glabripennis asian_longhorned_beetle
order_Embioptera embioptera
Embiodea embioptera
order_Embiodea embioptera
order_Anoplura anoplura
sucking_louse louse
family_Pediculidae pediculidae
genus_Pediculus pediculus
Pediculus_humanus common_louse
Pediculus_capitis head_louse
cootie body_louse
Pediculus_corporis body_louse
family_Phthiriidae phthiriidae
genus_Phthirius phthirius
Phthirus phthirius
genus_Phthirus phthirius
pubic_louse crab_louse
crab crab_louse
Phthirius_pubis crab_louse
order_Mallophaga mallophaga
biting_louse bird_louse
louse bird_louse
genus_Menopon menopon
shaft_louse chicken_louse
Menopon_palladum chicken_louse
Menopon_gallinae chicken_louse
order_Siphonaptera siphonaptera
family_Pulicidae pulicidae
genus_Pulex pulex
genus_Ctenocephalides ctenocephalides
genus_Ctenocephalus ctenocephalus
Ctenocephalides_canis dog_flea
Ctenocephalides_felis cat_flea
genus_Tunga tunga
chigger chigoe
chigoe_flea chigoe
Tunga_penetrans chigoe
genus_Echidnophaga echidnophaga
sticktight_flea sticktight
Echidnophaga_gallinacea sticktight
order_Diptera diptera
two-winged_insects dipterous_insect
dipteran dipterous_insect
dipteron dipterous_insect
family_Cecidomyidae cecidomyidae
gallfly gall_midge
gall_gnat gall_midge
genus_Mayetiola mayetiola
Mayetiola_destructor hessian_fly
superfamily_Muscoidea muscoidea
family_Muscidae muscidae
calypter alula
genus_Musca musca
house_fly housefly
Musca_domestica housefly
family_Glossinidae glossinidae
tsetse tsetse_fly
tzetze_fly tsetse_fly
tzetze tsetse_fly
glossina tsetse_fly
family_Calliphoridae calliphoridae
genus_Calliphora calliphora
blow_fly blowfly
Calliphora_vicina bluebottle
genus_Lucilia lucilia
greenbottle_fly greenbottle
genus_Sarcophaga sarcophaga
Sarcophaga_carnaria flesh_fly
family_Tachinidae tachinidae
family_Gasterophilidae gasterophilidae
genus_Gasterophilus gasterophilus
Gasterophilus_intestinalis horse_botfly
family_Cuterebridae cuterebridae
genus_Cuterebra cuterebra
genus_Dermatobia dermatobia
Dermatobia_hominis human_botfly
family_Oestridae oestridae
Hypodermatidae oestridae
family_Hypodermatidae oestridae
genus_Oestrus oestrus
sheep_gadfly sheep_botfly
Oestrus_ovis sheep_botfly
genus_Hypoderma hypoderma
family_Tabanidae tabanidae
cleg horsefly
clegg horsefly
horse_fly horsefly
family_Bombyliidae bombyliidae
family_Asilidae asilidae
bee_killer robber_fly
pomace_fly fruit_fly
family_Trypetidae trypetidae
Trephritidae trypetidae
family_Trephritidae trypetidae
genus_Rhagoletis rhagoletis
railroad_worm apple_maggot
Rhagoletis_pomonella apple_maggot
genus_Ceratitis ceratitis
medfly mediterranean_fruit_fly
Ceratitis_capitata mediterranean_fruit_fly
family_Drosophilidae drosophilidae
Drosophila_melanogaster drosophila
genus_Philophylla philophylla
leaf-miner leaf_miner
family_Hippoboscidae hippoboscidae
hippoboscid louse_fly
genus_Hippobosca hippobosca
horsefly horse_tick
Hippobosca_equina horse_tick
genus_Melophagus melophagus
sheep-tick sheep_ked
sheep_tick sheep_ked
Melophagus_Ovinus sheep_ked
genus_Haematobia haematobia
Haematobia_irritans horn_fly
suborder_Nematocera nematocera
family_Culicidae culicidae
wriggler wiggler
genus_Aedes aedes
Aedes_aegypti yellow-fever_mosquito
Aedes_albopictus asian_tiger_mosquito
genus_Anopheles anopheles
malaria_mosquito malarial_mosquito
genus_Culex culex
Culex_pipiens common_mosquito
Culex_fatigans culex_quinquefasciatus
family_Ceratopogonidae ceratopogonidae
punky punkie
punkey punkie
no-see-um punkie
biting_midge punkie
genus_Ceratopogon ceratopogon
family_Chironomidae chironomidae
genus_Chironomus chironomus
family_Mycetophylidae mycetophilidae
family_Psychodidae psychodidae
genus_Phlebotomus phlebotomus
sandfly sand_fly
Phlebotomus_papatasii sand_fly
family_Sciaridae sciaridae
sciara fungus_gnat
sciarid fungus_gnat
family_Tipulidae tipulidae
daddy_longlegs crane_fly
family_Simuliidae simuliidae
genus_Simulium simulium
black_fly blackfly
buffalo_gnat blackfly
order_Hymenoptera hymenoptera
hymenopteran hymenopterous_insect
hymenopteron hymenopterous_insect
hymenopter hymenopterous_insect
superfamily_Apoidea apoidea
family_Apidae apidae
genus_Apis apis
Apis_mellifera honeybee
Africanized_honey_bee africanized_bee
killer_bee africanized_bee
Apis_mellifera_scutellata africanized_bee
Apis_mellifera_adansonii africanized_bee
German_bee black_bee
genus_Xylocopa xylocopa
genus_Bombus bombus
humblebee bumblebee
genus_Psithyrus psithyrus
family_Andrenidae andrenidae
andrenid andrena
mining_bee andrena
genus_Nomia nomia
family_Halictidae halictidae
alkali_bee nomia_melanderi
family_Megachilidae megachilidae
genus_Megachile megachile
leaf-cutter leaf-cutting_bee
leaf-cutter_bee leaf-cutting_bee
genus_Anthidium anthidium
family_Vespidae vespidae
vespid_wasp vespid
genus_Vespa vespa
Vespa_crabro giant_hornet
genus_Vespula vespula
Vespula_vulgaris common_wasp
white-faced_hornet bald-faced_hornet
Vespula_maculata bald-faced_hornet
yellow_hornet yellow_jacket
Vespula_maculifrons yellow_jacket
genus_Polistes polistes
genus_Eumenes eumenes
family_Mutillidae mutillidae
superfamily_Sphecoidea sphecoidea
sphecoid sphecoid_wasp
family_Sphecidae sphecidae
genus_Sceliphron sceliphron
family_Stizidae stizidae
genus_Sphecius sphecius
Sphecius_speciosis cicada_killer
family_Cynipidae cynipidae
gallfly gall_wasp
cynipid_wasp gall_wasp
cynipid_gall_wasp gall_wasp
genus_Cynips cynips
genus_Amphibolips amphibolips
genus_Andricus andricus
family_Chalcididae chalcididae
Chalcidae chalcididae
family_Chalcidae chalcididae
chalcidfly chalcid_fly
chalcid chalcid_fly
chalcid_wasp chalcid_fly
jointworm strawworm
genus_Chalcis chalcis
family_Ichneumonidae ichneumonidae
family_Tenthredinidae tenthredinidae
genus-Fenusa fenusa
Fenusa_pusilla birch_leaf_miner
family_Formicidae formicidae
emmet ant
pismire ant
genus_Monomorium monomorium
pharaoh's_ant pharaoh_ant
Monomorium_pharaonis pharaoh_ant
Monomorium_minimum little_black_ant
subfamily_Dorylinae dorylinae
driver_ant army_ant
legionary_ant army_ant
genus_Camponotus camponotus
genus_Solenopsis solenopsis
genus_Formica formica
Formica_rufa wood_ant
slave-maker slave-making_ant
Formica_sanguinea sanguinary_ant
genus_Myrmecia myrmecia
genus_Polyergus polyergus
Polyergus_rufescens amazon_ant
order_Isoptera isoptera
family_Termitidae termitidae
genus_Termes termes
white_ant termite
genus_Reticulitermes reticulitermes
family_Rhinotermitidae rhinotermitidae
family_Mastotermitidae mastotermitidae
genus_Mastotermes mastotermes
family_Kalotermitidae kalotermitidae
genus_Kalotermes kalotermes
genus_Cryptotermes cryptotermes
Cryptotermes_brevis powder-post_termite
order_Orthoptera orthoptera
orthopteron orthopterous_insect
orthopteran orthopterous_insect
hopper grasshopper
family_Acrididae acrididae
Locustidae acrididae
family_Locustidae acrididae
acridid short-horned_grasshopper
genus_Locusta locusta
Locusta_migratoria migratory_locust
genus_Melanoplus melanoplus
family_Tettigoniidae tettigoniidae
tettigoniid long-horned_grasshopper
genus_Microcentrum microcentrum
genus_Anabrus anabrus
Anabrus_simplex mormon_cricket
family_Stenopelmatidae stenopelmatidae
genus_Stenopelmatus stenopelmatus
Jerusalem_cricket sand_cricket
Stenopelmatus_fuscus sand_cricket
family_Gryllidae gryllidae
genus_Acheta acheta
Acheta_domestica european_house_cricket
Acheta_assimilis field_cricket
genus_Oecanthus oecanthus
Oecanthus_fultoni snowy_tree_cricket
order_Phasmida phasmida
Phasmatodea phasmida
order_Phasmatodea phasmida
phasmid_insect phasmid
family_Phasmidae phasmidae
Phasmatidae phasmidae
family_Phasmatidae phasmidae
walkingstick walking_stick
stick_insect walking_stick
Diapheromera_femorata diapheromera
family_Phyllidae phyllidae
Phillidae phyllidae
family_Phillidae phyllidae
genus_Phyllium phyllium
leaf_insect walking_leaf
subclass_Exopterygota exopterygota
Hemimetabola exopterygota
order_Dictyoptera dictyoptera
suborder_Blattodea blattodea
Blattaria blattodea
suborder_Blattaria blattodea
roach cockroach
family_Blattidae blattidae
genus_Blatta blatta
oriental_roach oriental_cockroach
Asiatic_cockroach oriental_cockroach
blackbeetle oriental_cockroach
Blatta_orientalis oriental_cockroach
genus_Periplaneta periplaneta
Periplaneta_americana american_cockroach
Periplaneta_australasiae australian_cockroach
genus_Blattella blattella
Croton_bug german_cockroach
crotonbug german_cockroach
water_bug german_cockroach
Blattella_germanica german_cockroach
genus_Blaberus blaberus
family_Cryptocercidae cryptocercidae
genus_Cryptocercus cryptocercus
suborder_Manteodea manteodea
family_Mantidae mantidae
Manteidae mantidae
family_Manteidae mantidae
mantid mantis
praying_mantid praying_mantis
Mantis_religioso praying_mantis
order_Hemiptera hemiptera
bug hemipterous_insect
hemipteran hemipterous_insect
hemipteron hemipterous_insect
family_Miridae miridae
Capsidae miridae
family_Capsidae miridae
plant_bug leaf_bug
mirid mirid_bug
capsid mirid_bug
genus_Poecilocapsus poecilocapsus
four-lined_leaf_bug four-lined_plant_bug
Poecilocapsus_lineatus four-lined_plant_bug
genus_Lygus lygus
Lygus_lineolaris tarnished_plant_bug
family_Tingidae tingidae
family_Lygaeidae lygaeidae
lygaeid_bug lygaeid
genus_Blissus blissus
Blissus_leucopterus chinch_bug
family_Coreidae coreidae
coreid coreid_bug
genus_Anasa anasa
Anasa_tristis squash_bug
genus_Leptoglossus leptoglossus
leaf-foot_bug leaf-footed_bug
family_Cimicidae cimicidae
genus_Cimex cimex
bed_bug bedbug
chinch bedbug
Cimex_lectularius bedbug
family_Notonectidae notonectidae
genus_Notonecta notonecta
Notonecta_undulata backswimmer
suborder_Heteroptera heteroptera
family_Belostomatidae belostomatidae
family_Nepidae nepidae
genus_Nepa nepa
genus_Ranatra ranatra
family_Corixidae corixidae
genus_Corixa corixa
boat_bug water_boatman
family_Gerrididae gerrididae
Gerridae gerrididae
family_Gerridae gerrididae
pond-skater water_strider
water_skater water_strider
genus_Gerris gerris
Gerris_lacustris common_pond-skater
family_Reduviidae reduviidae
reduviid assassin_bug
genus_Triatoma triatoma
cone-nosed_bug conenose
conenose_bug conenose
big_bedbug conenose
kissing_bug conenose
genus_Arilus arilus
Arilus_cristatus wheel_bug
family_Pyrrhocoridae pyrrhocoridae
genus_Dysdercus dysdercus
suborder_Homoptera homoptera
homopteran homopterous_insect
family_Aleyrodidae aleyrodidae
genus_Aleyrodes aleyrodes
genus_Dialeurodes dialeurodes
Dialeurodes_citri citrus_whitefly
genus_Trialeurodes trialeurodes
Trialeurodes_vaporariorum greenhouse_whitefly
genus_Bemisia bemisia
Bemisia_tabaci superbug
poinsettia_strain superbug
superfamily_Coccoidea coccoidea
family_Coccidae coccidae
Coccus_hesperidum brown_soft_scale
family_Diaspididae diaspididae
genus_Aspidiotus aspidiotus
Aspidiotus_perniciosus san_jose_scale
family_Dactylopiidae dactylopiidae
genus_Dactylopius dactylopius
cochineal cochineal_insect
Dactylopius_coccus cochineal_insect
family_Pseudococcidae pseudococcidae
genus_Pseudococcus pseudococcus
mealy_bug mealybug
citrophilus_mealybug citrophilous_mealybug
Pseudococcus_fragilis citrophilous_mealybug
Comstock's_mealybug comstock_mealybug
Pseudococcus_comstocki comstock_mealybug
genus_Planococcus planococcus
Planococcus_citri citrus_mealybug
louse plant_louse
superfamily_Aphidoidea aphidoidea
family_Aphididae aphididae
genus_Aphis aphis
green_apple_aphid apple_aphid
Aphis_pomi apple_aphid
bean_aphid blackfly
Aphis_fabae blackfly
genus_Eriosoma eriosoma
woolly_plant_louse woolly_aphid
American_blight woolly_apple_aphid
Eriosoma_lanigerum woolly_apple_aphid
genus_Prociphilus prociphilus
Prociphilus_tessellatus woolly_alder_aphid
family_Adelgidae adelgidae
genus_Adelges adelges
Adelges_piceae balsam_woolly_aphid
Adelges_abietis spruce_gall_aphid
genus_Pineus pineus
Pineus_pinifoliae pine_leaf_aphid
family_Phylloxeridae phylloxeridae
genus_Phylloxera phylloxera
grape_phylloxera grape_louse
Phylloxera_vitifoleae grape_louse
family_Psyllidae psyllidae
Chermidae psyllidae
family_Chermidae psyllidae
psylla jumping_plant_louse
psyllid jumping_plant_louse
family_Cicadidae cicadidae
cicala cicada
genus_Tibicen tibicen
harvest_fly dog-day_cicada
genus_Magicicada magicicada
periodical_cicada seventeen-year_locust
Magicicada_septendecim seventeen-year_locust
family_Cercopidae cercopidae
spittlebug spittle_insect
genus_Philaenus philaenus
Philaenus_spumarius meadow_spittlebug
genus_Aphrophora aphrophora
Aphrophora_saratogensis saratoga_spittlebug
family_Cicadellidae cicadellidae
family_Jassidae jassidae
planthopper plant_hopper
family_Membracidae membracidae
family_Fulgoridae fulgoridae
lantern-fly lantern_fly
order_Psocoptera psocoptera
Corrodentia psocoptera
order_Corrodentia psocoptera
family_Psocidae psocidae
bark_louse bark-louse
family_Atropidae atropidae
genus_Liposcelis liposcelis
book_louse booklouse
deathwatch booklouse
Liposcelis_divinatorius booklouse
genus_Trogium trogium
Trogium_pulsatorium common_booklouse
order_Ephemeroptera ephemeroptera
Ephemerida ephemeroptera
order_Ephemerida ephemeroptera
ephemeropteran ephemerid
family_Ephemeridae ephemeridae
dayfly mayfly
shadfly mayfly
order_Plecoptera plecoptera
stone_fly stonefly
plecopteran stonefly
order_Neuroptera neuroptera
neuropteran neuropteron
neuropterous_insect neuropteron
family_Myrmeleontidae myrmeleontidae
genus_Myrmeleon myrmeleon
antlion ant_lion
antlion_fly ant_lion
ant_lion doodlebug
antlion doodlebug
lacewing_fly lacewing
aphis_lion aphid_lion
family_Chrysopidae chrysopidae
chrysopid green_lacewing
stink_fly green_lacewing
golden-eyed_fly goldeneye
family_Hemerobiidae hemerobiidae
hemerobiid brown_lacewing
hemerobiid_fly brown_lacewing
suborder_Megaloptera megaloptera
family_Corydalidae corydalidae
genus_Corydalus corydalus
Corydalis corydalus
genus_Corydalis corydalus
dobsonfly dobson
dobson_fly dobson
Corydalus_cornutus dobson
dobson hellgrammiate
fish-fly fish_fly
family_Sialidae sialidae
genus_Sialis sialis
alder_fly alderfly
Sialis_lutaria alderfly
family_Raphidiidae raphidiidae
family_Mantispidae mantispidae
family_Sisyridae sisyridae
spongillafly spongefly
order_Odonata odonata
suborder_Anisoptera anisoptera
darning_needle dragonfly
devil's_darning_needle dragonfly
sewing_needle dragonfly
snake_feeder dragonfly
snake_doctor dragonfly
mosquito_hawk dragonfly
skeeter_hawk dragonfly
suborder_Zygoptera zygoptera
order_Trichoptera trichoptera
trichopteran trichopterous_insect
trichopteron trichopterous_insect
caddis-fly caddis_fly
caddice_fly caddis_fly
caddice-fly caddis_fly
strawworm caddisworm
order_Thysanura thysanura
thysanuron thysanuran_insect
family_Lepismatidae lepismatidae
genus_Lepisma lepisma
Lepisma_saccharina silverfish
genus_Thermobia thermobia
Thermobia_domestica firebrat
family_Machilidae machilidae
machilid jumping_bristletail
order_Thysanoptera thysanoptera
thysanopteron thysanopter
thysanopterous_insect thysanopter
family_Thripidae thripidae
thrip thrips
thripid thrips
genus_Frankliniella frankliniella
Frankliniella_fusca tobacco_thrips
onion_louse onion_thrips
Thrips_tobaci onion_thrips
order_Dermaptera dermaptera
family_Forficulidae forficulidae
genus_Forficula forficula
Forficula_auricularia common_european_earwig
order_Lepidoptera lepidoptera
lepidopteron lepidopterous_insect
lepidopteran lepidopterous_insect
family_Nymphalidae nymphalidae
nymphalid_butterfly nymphalid
brush-footed_butterfly nymphalid
four-footed_butterfly nymphalid
genus_Nymphalis nymphalis
mourning_cloak_butterfly mourning_cloak
Camberwell_beauty mourning_cloak
Nymphalis_antiopa mourning_cloak
tortoiseshell_butterfly tortoiseshell
genus_Vanessa vanessa
Vanessa_virginiensis painted_beauty
Vanessa_atalanta red_admiral
genus_Limenitis limenitis
Limenitis_camilla white_admiral
white_admiral banded_purple
Limenitis_arthemis banded_purple
Limenitis_astyanax red-spotted_purple
Limenitis_archippus viceroy
family_Satyridae satyridae
ringlet_butterfly ringlet
genus_Polygonia polygonia
comma_butterfly comma
Polygonia_comma comma
genus_Spyeria spyeria
genus_Argynnis argynnis
genus_Apatura apatura
emperor emperor_butterfly
Apatura_iris purple_emperor
genus_Inachis inachis
peacock_butterfly peacock
Inachis_io peacock
family_Danaidae danaidae
danaid_butterfly danaid
genus_Danaus danaus
monarch_butterfly monarch
milkweed_butterfly monarch
Danaus_plexippus monarch
family_Pieridae pieridae
pierid_butterfly pierid
genus_Pieris pieris
Pieris_rapae small_white
Pieris_brassicae large_white
Pieris_protodice southern_cabbage_butterfly
sulfur_butterfly sulphur_butterfly
family_Lycaenidae lycaenidae
lycaenid_butterfly lycaenid
genus_Lycaena lycaena
Lycaena_hypophlaeas american_copper
genus_Strymon strymon
hairstreak_butterfly hairstreak
miller moth_miller
family_Tortricidae tortricidae
tortricid_moth tortricid
leaf-roller leaf_roller
genus_Homona homona
tortrix tea_tortrix
Homona_coffearia tea_tortrix
genus_Argyrotaenia argyrotaenia
tortrix orange_tortrix
Argyrotaenia_citrana orange_tortrix
genus_Carpocapsa carpocapsa
codlin_moth codling_moth
Carpocapsa_pomonella codling_moth
family_Lymantriidae lymantriidae
tussock_moth lymantriid
genus_Lymantria lymantria
gipsy_moth gypsy_moth
Lymantria_dispar gypsy_moth
genus_Euproctis euproctis
brown-tail_moth browntail
Euproctis_phaeorrhoea browntail
Euproctis_chrysorrhoea gold-tail_moth
family_Geometridae geometridae
geometrid_moth geometrid
genus_Paleacrita paleacrita
genus_Alsophila alsophila
inchworm measuring_worm
looper measuring_worm
family_Pyralidae pyralidae
Pyralididae pyralidae
family_Pyralididae pyralidae
pyralid_moth pyralid
genus_Pyralis pyralis
genus_Galleria galleria
wax_moth bee_moth
Galleria_mellonella bee_moth
genus_Pyrausta pyrausta
European_corn_borer_moth corn_borer
corn_borer_moth corn_borer
Pyrausta_nubilalis corn_borer
genus_Anagasta anagasta
Anagasta_kuehniella mediterranean_flour_moth
genus_Ephestia ephestia
cacao_moth tobacco_moth
Ephestia_elutella tobacco_moth
genus_Cadra cadra
fig_moth almond_moth
Cadra_cautella almond_moth
Cadra_figulilella raisin_moth
superfamily_Tineoidea tineoidea
tineoid_moth tineoid
family_Tineidae tineidae
tineid_moth tineid
genus_Tinea tinea
Tinea_pellionella casemaking_clothes_moth
genus_Tineola tineola
webbing_moth webbing_clothes_moth
Tineola_bisselliella webbing_clothes_moth
genus_Trichophaga trichophaga
tapestry_moth carpet_moth
Trichophaga_tapetzella carpet_moth
Gracillariidae gracilariidae
family_Gracilariidae gracilariidae
gracilariid_moth gracilariid
family_Gelechiidae gelechiidae
gelechiid_moth gelechiid
genus_Gelechia gelechia
genus_Sitotroga sitotroga
angoumois_grain_moth angoumois_moth
Sitotroga_cerealella angoumois_moth
genus_Phthorimaea phthorimaea
potato_tuber_moth potato_moth
splitworm potato_moth
Phthorimaea_operculella potato_moth
Phthorimaea_operculella potato_tuberworm
family_Noctuidae noctuidae
noctuid noctuid_moth
owlet_moth noctuid_moth
genus_Noctua noctua
genus_Catacala catacala
Catocala_nupta red_underwing
genus_Cerapteryx cerapteryx
Cerapteryx_graminis antler_moth
genus_Heliothis heliothis
Heliothis_zia heliothis_moth
genus_Chorizagrotis chorizagrotis
Chorizagrotis_auxiliaris army_cutworm
genus_Pseudaletia pseudaletia
Pseudaletia_unipuncta armyworm
army_worm armyworm
Pseudaletia_unipuncta armyworm
genus_Spodoptera spodoptera
Spodoptera_exigua beet_armyworm
Spodoptera_frugiperda fall_armyworm
family_Sphingidae sphingidae
hawk_moth hawkmoth
sphingid hawkmoth
sphinx_moth hawkmoth
hummingbird_moth hawkmoth
genus_Manduca manduca
tomato_worm tobacco_hornworm
Manduca_sexta tobacco_hornworm
potato_worm tomato_hornworm
Manduca_quinquemaculata tomato_hornworm
genus_Acherontia acherontia
Acherontia_atropos death's-head_moth
family_Bombycidae bombycidae
bombycid_moth bombycid
silkworm_moth bombycid
genus_Bombyx bombyx
domesticated_silkworm_moth domestic_silkworm_moth
Bombyx_mori domestic_silkworm_moth
family_Saturniidae saturniidae
saturniid_moth saturniid
genus_Saturnia saturnia
emperor_moth emperor
Saturnia_pavonia emperor
genus_Eacles eacles
Eacles_imperialis imperial_moth
silkworm_moth giant_silkworm_moth
giant_silkworm silkworm
wild_wilkworm silkworm
genus_Actias actias
Actias_luna luna_moth
genus_Hyalophora hyalophora
cecropia_moth cecropia
Hyalophora_cecropia cecropia
genus_Samia samia
Samia_cynthia cynthia_moth
Samia_walkeri cynthia_moth
Samia_cynthia ailanthus_silkworm
genus_Automeris automeris
Automeris_io io_moth
genus_Antheraea antheraea
Antheraea_polyphemus polyphemus_moth
Antheraea_pernyi pernyi_moth
tusseh tussah
tussur tussah
tussore tussah
tusser tussah
Antheraea_mylitta tussah
genus_Atticus atticus
Atticus_atlas atlas_moth
family_Arctiidae arctiidae
arctiid_moth arctiid
genus_Callimorpha callimorpha
cinnabar_moth cinnabar
Callimorpha_jacobeae cinnabar
family_Lasiocampidae lasiocampidae
lasiocampid_moth lasiocampid
genus_Lasiocampa lasiocampa
egger eggar
genus_Malacosoma malacosoma
Malacosoma_americana tent-caterpillar_moth
Malacosoma_disstria tent-caterpillar_moth
Malacosoma_disstria forest_tent_caterpillar
lappet_moth lappet
genus_Hyphantria hyphantria
Hyphantria_cunea fall_webworm
genus_Loxostege loxostege
Loxostege_similalis garden_webworm
Pyrausta_nubilalis corn_borer
Gelechia_gossypiella pink_bollworm
cotton_bollworm corn_earworm
tomato_fruitworm corn_earworm
tobacco_budworm corn_earworm
vetchworm corn_earworm
Heliothis_zia corn_earworm
Pieris_rapae cabbageworm
woolly_bear_caterpillar woolly_bear
Phoronidea phoronida
phylum_Phoronida phoronida
phylum_Bryozoa bryozoa
polyzoa bryozoa
polyzoan bryozoan
sea_mat bryozoan
sea_moss bryozoan
moss_animal bryozoan
phylum_Ectoprocta ectoprocta
phylum_Entoprocta entoprocta
Endoprocta entoprocta
phylum_Cycliophora cycliophora
phylum_Brachiopoda brachiopoda
lamp_shell brachiopod
lampshell brachiopod
phylum_Sipuncula sipuncula
sipunculid peanut_worm
phylum_Echinodermata echinodermata
class_Asteroidea asteroidea
sea_star starfish
class_Ophiuroidea ophiuroidea
subclass_Ophiurida ophiurida
brittle-star brittle_star
serpent_star brittle_star
subclass_Euryalida euryalida
basket_fish basket_star
genus_Euryale euryale
genus_Astrophyton astrophyton
genus_Gorgonocephalus gorgonocephalus
class_Echinoidea echinoidea
Echinus_esculentus edible_sea_urchin
order_Exocycloida exocycloida
order_Spatangoida spatangoida
class_Crinoidea crinoidea
genus_Ptilocrinus ptilocrinus
family_Antedonidae antedonidae
family_Comatulidae comatulidae
genus_Antedon antedon
genus_Comatula comatula
comatulid feather_star
class_Holothuroidea holothuroidea
holothurian sea_cucumber
family_Holothuridae holothuridae
genus_Holothuria holothuria
Holothuria_edulis trepang
invertebrate_foot foot
order_Lagomorpha lagomorpha
gnawing_mammal lagomorph
family_Leporidae leporidae
leporid_mammal leporid
coney rabbit
cony rabbit
bunny_rabbit bunny
genus_Oryctolagus oryctolagus
Old_World_rabbit european_rabbit
Oryctolagus_cuniculus european_rabbit
genus_Sylvilagus sylvilagus
cottontail wood_rabbit
cottontail_rabbit wood_rabbit
Sylvilagus_floridanus eastern_cottontail
canecutter swamp_rabbit
swamp_hare swamp_rabbit
Sylvilagus_aquaticus swamp_rabbit
swamp_rabbit marsh_hare
Sylvilagus_palustris marsh_hare
genus_Lepus lepus
Lepus_europaeus european_hare
whitetail_jackrabbit white-tailed_jackrabbit
Lepus_townsendi white-tailed_jackrabbit
Lepus_californicus blacktail_jackrabbit
Arctic_hare polar_hare
Lepus_arcticus polar_hare
snowshoe_rabbit snowshoe_hare
varying_hare snowshoe_hare
Lepus_americanus snowshoe_hare
leporide belgian_hare
Angora_rabbit angora
family_Ochotonidae ochotonidae
mouse_hare pika
rock_rabbit pika
coney pika
cony pika
genus_Ochotona ochotona
Ochotona_princeps little_chief_hare
Ochotona_collaris collared_pika
order_Rodentia rodentia
gnawer rodent
suborder_Myomorpha myomorpha
superfamily_Muroidea muroidea
family_Muridae muridae
genus_Mus mus
Mus_musculus house_mouse
genus_Micromyx micromyx
Micromyx_minutus harvest_mouse
genus_Apodemus apodemus
fieldmouse field_mouse
Apodemus_sylvaticus european_wood_mouse
genus_Rattus rattus
Norway_rat brown_rat
Rattus_norvegicus brown_rat
roof_rat black_rat
Rattus_rattus black_rat
genus_Nesokia nesokia
mole_rat bandicoot_rat
genus_Conilurus conilurus
genus_Notomys notomys
subfamily_Hydromyinae hydromyinae
genus_Hydromys hydromys
family_Cricetidae cricetidae
genus_Reithrodontomys reithrodontomys
harvest_mouse american_harvest_mouse
genus_Peromyscus peromyscus
vesper_mouse white-footed_mouse
Peromyscus_leucopus white-footed_mouse
Peromyscus_maniculatus deer_mouse
Peromyscus_eremicus cactus_mouse
Peromyscus_gossypinus cotton_mouse
genus_Baiomys baiomys
Baiomys_taylori pygmy_mouse
genus_Onychomys onychomys
genus_Ondatra ondatra
musquash muskrat
Ondatra_zibethica muskrat
genus_Neofiber neofiber
Florida_water_rat round-tailed_muskrat
Neofiber_alleni round-tailed_muskrat
genus_Sigmodon sigmodon
Sigmodon_hispidus cotton_rat
wood-rat wood_rat
field_mouse vole
genus_Neotoma neotoma
pack_rat packrat
trade_rat packrat
bushytail_woodrat packrat
Neotoma_cinerea packrat
Neotoma_fuscipes dusky-footed_woodrat
Neotoma_floridana eastern_woodrat
genus_Oryzomys oryzomys
Oryzomys_palustris rice_rat
genus_Pitymys pitymys
pine_mouse pine_vole
Pitymys_pinetorum pine_vole
genus_Microtus microtus
meadow_mouse meadow_vole
Microtus_pennsylvaticus meadow_vole
Richardson_vole water_vole
Microtus_richardsoni water_vole
Microtus_ochrogaster prairie_vole
genus_Arvicola arvicola
water_rat water_vole
Arvicola_amphibius water_vole
genus_Clethrionomys clethrionomys
redback_vole red-backed_mouse
genus_Cricetus cricetus
Cricetus_cricetus eurasian_hamster
genus_Mesocricetus mesocricetus
Syrian_hamster golden_hamster
Mesocricetus_auratus golden_hamster
subfamily_Gerbillinae gerbillinae
genus_Gerbillus gerbillus
gerbille gerbil
genus_Meriones meriones
Meriones_unguiculatus tamarisk_gerbil
Meriones_longifrons sand_rat
genus_lemmus lemmus
Lemmus_lemmus european_lemming
Lemmus_trimucronatus brown_lemming
genus_Myopus myopus
gray_lemming grey_lemming
red-backed_lemming grey_lemming
genus_Dicrostonyx dicrostonyx
Dicrostonyx_hudsonius hudson_bay_collared_lemming
genus_Synaptomys synaptomys
Synaptomys_cooperi southern_bog_lemming
Synaptomys_borealis northern_bog_lemming
suborder_Hystricomorpha hystricomorpha
hedgehog porcupine
family_Hystricidae hystricidae
genus_Atherurus atherurus
brush-tail_porcupine brush-tailed_porcupine
genus_Trichys trichys
Trichys_lipura long-tailed_porcupine
family_Erethizontidae erethizontidae
genus_Erethizon erethizon
Erethizon_dorsatum canada_porcupine
family_Heteromyidae heteromyidae
genus_Perognathus perognathus
Perognathus_flavus silky_pocket_mouse
Perognathus_flavescens plains_pocket_mouse
Perognathus_hispidus hispid_pocket_mouse
genus_Liomys liomys
Liomys_irroratus mexican_pocket_mouse
genus_Dipodomys dipodomys
desert_rat kangaroo_rat
Dipodomys_phillipsii kangaroo_rat
Dipodomys_ordi ord_kangaroo_rat
genus_Microdipodops microdipodops
dwarf_pocket_rat kangaroo_mouse
family_Zapodidae zapodidae
genus_Zapus zapus
Zapus_hudsonius meadow_jumping_mouse
family_Dipodidae dipodidae
genus_Dipus dipus
genus_Jaculus jaculus
family_Gliridae gliridae
genus_Glis glis
Glis_glis loir
genus_Muscardinus muscardinus
Muscardinus_avellanarius hazel_mouse
genus_Eliomys eliomys
family_Geomyidae geomyidae
genus_Geomys geomys
pocket_gopher gopher
pouched_rat gopher
Geomys_bursarius plains_pocket_gopher
Geomys_pinetis southeastern_pocket_gopher
genus_Thomomys thomomys
Thomomys_bottae valley_pocket_gopher
Thomomys_talpoides northern_pocket_gopher
suborder_Sciuromorpha sciuromorpha
family_Sciuridae sciuridae
genus_Sciurus sciurus
eastern_gray_squirrel eastern_grey_squirrel
cat_squirrel eastern_grey_squirrel
Sciurus_carolinensis eastern_grey_squirrel
western_gray_squirrel western_grey_squirrel
Sciurus_griseus western_grey_squirrel
eastern_fox_squirrel fox_squirrel
Sciurus_niger fox_squirrel
cat_squirrel red_squirrel
Sciurus_vulgaris red_squirrel
genus_Tamiasciurus tamiasciurus
spruce_squirrel american_red_squirrel
red_squirrel american_red_squirrel
Sciurus_hudsonicus american_red_squirrel
Tamiasciurus_hudsonicus american_red_squirrel
Douglas_squirrel chickeree
Tamiasciurus_douglasi chickeree
genus_Citellus citellus
Spermophilus citellus
genus_Spermophilus citellus
whitetail_antelope_squirrel antelope_squirrel
antelope_chipmunk antelope_squirrel
Citellus_leucurus antelope_squirrel
gopher ground_squirrel
spermophile ground_squirrel
Citellus_lateralis mantled_ground_squirrel
souslik suslik
Citellus_citellus suslik
Richardson_ground_squirrel flickertail
Citellus_richardsoni flickertail
Citellus_variegatus rock_squirrel
parka_squirrel arctic_ground_squirrel
Citellus_parryi arctic_ground_squirrel
genus_Cynomys cynomys
prairie_marmot prairie_dog
Cynomys_ludovicianus blacktail_prairie_dog
Cynomys_gunnisoni whitetail_prairie_dog
genus_Tamias tamias
hackee eastern_chipmunk
striped_squirrel eastern_chipmunk
ground_squirrel eastern_chipmunk
Tamias_striatus eastern_chipmunk
genus_Eutamias eutamias
baranduki baronduki
barunduki baronduki
burunduki baronduki
Eutamius_asiaticus baronduki
Eutamius_sibiricus baronduki
genus_Glaucomys glaucomys
Glaucomys_volans southern_flying_squirrel
Glaucomys_sabrinus northern_flying_squirrel
genus_Marmota marmota
woodchuck groundhog
Marmota_monax groundhog
whistler hoary_marmot
whistling_marmot hoary_marmot
Marmota_caligata hoary_marmot
rockchuck yellowbelly_marmot
Marmota_flaviventris yellowbelly_marmot
subfamily_Petauristidae petauristidae
genus_Petaurista petaurista
flying_marmot taguan
flying_cat taguan
Petaurista_petaurista taguan
family_Castoridae castoridae
genus_Castor castor
Castor_fiber old_world_beaver
Castor_canadensis new_world_beaver
genus_Castoroides castoroides
family_Aplodontiidae aplodontiidae
genus_Aplodontia aplodontia
sewellel mountain_beaver
Aplodontia_rufa mountain_beaver
family_Caviidae caviidae
genus_Cavia cavia
Cavia_cobaya guinea_pig
wild_cavy aperea
Cavia_porcellus aperea
genus_Dolichotis dolichotis
Dolichotis_patagonum mara
family_Hydrochoeridae hydrochoeridae
genus_Hydrochoerus hydrochoerus
capibara capybara
Hydrochoerus_hydrochaeris capybara
family_Dasyproctidae dasyproctidae
genus_Dasyprocta dasyprocta
Dasyprocta_aguti agouti
genus_Cuniculus cuniculus
Cuniculus_paca paca
genus_Stictomys stictomys
family_Capromyidae capromyidae
genus_Myocastor myocastor
nutria coypu
Myocastor_coypus coypu
family_Chinchillidae chinchillidae
Chinchilla_laniger chinchilla
genus_Lagidium lagidium
mountain_viscacha mountain_chinchilla
genus_Lagostomus lagostomus
chinchillon viscacha
Lagostomus_maximus viscacha
genus_Abrocoma abrocoma
chinchilla_rat abrocome
rat_chinchilla abrocome
family_Spalacidae spalacidae
genus_Spalax spalax
family_Bathyergidae bathyergidae
genus_Bathyergus bathyergus
genus_Heterocephalus heterocephalus
queen_mole_rat queen
bag udder
hoofed_mammal ungulate
unguiculate_mammal unguiculate
order_Dinocerata dinocerata
family_Uintatheriidae uintatheriidae
genus_Uintatherium uintatherium
uintathere dinoceras
order_Hyracoidea hyracoidea
family_Procaviidae procaviidae
coney hyrax
cony hyrax
dassie hyrax
das hyrax
genus_Procavia procavia
rock_rabbit rock_hyrax
Procavia_capensis rock_hyrax
order_Perissodactyla perissodactyla
perissodactyl odd-toed_ungulate
perissodactyl_mammal odd-toed_ungulate
family_Equidae equidae
genus_Equus equus
equid equine
Equus_caballus horse
stable_companion stablemate
genus_Hyracotherium hyracotherium
dawn_horse eohippus
ridgling ridgeling
ridgel ridgeling
ridgil ridgeling
entire stallion
studhorse stud
female_horse mare
stud_mare broodmare
riding_horse saddle_horse
mount saddle_horse
courser charger
Tennessee_walking_horse tennessee_walker
Walking_horse tennessee_walker
Plantation_walking_horse tennessee_walker
Arab arabian
Lipizzan lippizan
Lippizaner lippizan
bronc bronco
broncho bronco
crow-bait crowbait
gray grey
Equus_caballus_gomelini tarpan
warragal warrigal
Przevalski's_horse przewalski's_horse
Equus_caballus_przewalskii przewalski's_horse
Equus_caballus_przevalskii przewalski's_horse
Indian_pony cayuse
jade hack
nag hack
plug hack
plough_horse plow_horse
race_horse racehorse
bangtail racehorse
two_year_old two-year-old_horse
three_year_old three-year-old_horse
draught_horse draft_horse
dray_horse draft_horse
cart_horse carthorse
drayhorse carthorse
dobbin farm_horse
shire_horse shire
poler pole_horse
wheeler wheel_horse
post-horse post_horse
poster post_horse
pacemaker pacer
pacesetter pacer
trotter trotting_horse
high_stepper stepper
donkey domestic_ass
Equus_asinus domestic_ass
jackass jack
jenny jennet
jenny_ass jennet
Equus_asinus african_wild_ass
Equus_kiang kiang
Equus_hemionus onager
dziggetai chigetai
Equus_hemionus_hemionus chigetai
Burchell's_zebra common_zebra
Equus_Burchelli common_zebra
Equus_zebra_zebra mountain_zebra
Equus_grevyi grevy's_zebra
Equus_quagga quagga
family_Rhinocerotidae rhinocerotidae
rhinoceros_family rhinocerotidae
rhino rhinoceros
Rhinoceros_unicornis indian_rhinoceros
Rhinoceros_antiquitatis woolly_rhinoceros
genus_Ceratotherium ceratotherium
Ceratotherium_simum white_rhinoceros
Diceros_simus white_rhinoceros
genus_Diceros diceros
Diceros_bicornis black_rhinoceros
family_Tapiridae tapiridae
genus_Tapirus tapirus
Tapirus_terrestris new_world_tapir
Indian_tapir malayan_tapir
Tapirus_indicus malayan_tapir
order_Artiodactyla artiodactyla
artiodactyl even-toed_ungulate
artiodactyl_mammal even-toed_ungulate
family_Suidae suidae
genus_Sus sus
pig hog
grunter hog
squealer hog
Sus_scrofa hog
piggy piglet
shoat piglet
shote piglet
razorback_hog razorback
razorbacked_hog razorback
boar wild_boar
Sus_scrofa wild_boar
genus_Babyrousa babyrousa
babiroussa babirusa
babirussa babirusa
Babyrousa_Babyrussa babirusa
genus_Phacochoerus phacochoerus
family_Tayassuidae tayassuidae
genus_Tayassu tayassu
genus_Pecari tayassu
musk_hog peccary
javelina collared_peccary
Tayassu_angulatus collared_peccary
Tayassu_tajacu collared_peccary
Peccari_angulatus collared_peccary
Tayassu_pecari white-lipped_peccary
family_Hippopotamidae hippopotamidae
hippo hippopotamus
river_horse hippopotamus
Hippopotamus_amphibius hippopotamus
suborder_Ruminantia ruminantia
first_stomach rumen
second_stomach reticulum
omasum psalterium
third_stomach psalterium
fourth_stomach abomasum
family_Bovidae bovidae
subfamily_Bovinae bovinae
tribe_Bovini bovini
genus_Bos bos
wild_ox ox
cows cattle
kine cattle
oxen cattle
Bos_taurus cattle
steer bullock
moo-cow cow
springing_cow springer
dogy dogie
leppy dogie
beef_cattle beef
Texas_longhorn longhorn
Brahma brahman
Brahmin brahman
Bos_indicus brahman
urus aurochs
Bos_primigenius aurochs
Bos_grunniens yak
banting banteng
tsine banteng
Bos_banteng banteng
Welsh_Black welsh
Angus aberdeen_angus
black_Angus aberdeen_angus
dairy_cow dairy_cattle
milch_cow dairy_cattle
milk_cow dairy_cattle
milcher dairy_cattle
milker dairy_cattle
shorthorn durham
Holstein friesian
Holstein-Friesian friesian
whiteface hereford
beefalo cattalo
buffalo old_world_buffalo
genus_Bubalus bubalus
tribe_Bubalus bubalus
water_ox water_buffalo
Asiatic_buffalo water_buffalo
Bubalus_bubalis water_buffalo
dwarf_buffalo anoa
Anoa_depressicornis anoa
tamarao tamarau
Bubalus_mindorensis tamarau
Anoa_mindorensis tamarau
genus_Synercus synercus
tribe_synercus synercus
Synercus_caffer cape_buffalo
genus_Bibos bibos
Bibos_gaurus gaur
mithan gayal
Bibos_frontalis gayal
American_buffalo american_bison
buffalo american_bison
Bison_bison american_bison
aurochs wisent
Bison_bonasus wisent
genus_Ovibos ovibos
musk_sheep musk_ox
Ovibos_moschatus musk_ox
genus_Ovis ovis
tup ram
hogget hog
hogg hog
Ovis_aries domestic_sheep
Hampshire_down hampshire
caracul broadtail
karakul broadtail
merino_sheep merino
argal argali
Ovis_ammon argali
Marco_Polo's_sheep marco_polo_sheep
Ovis_poli marco_polo_sheep
Ovis_vignei urial
Dall's_sheep dall_sheep
white_sheep dall_sheep
Ovis_montana_dalli dall_sheep
bighorn_sheep bighorn
cimarron bighorn
Rocky_Mountain_bighorn bighorn
Rocky_Mountain_sheep bighorn
Ovis_canadensis bighorn
moufflon mouflon
Ovis_musimon mouflon
genus_Ammotragus ammotragus
arui aoudad
audad aoudad
Barbary_sheep aoudad
maned_sheep aoudad
Ammotragus_lervia aoudad
genus_Capra capra
caprine_animal goat
billy_goat billy
he-goat billy
nanny-goat nanny
she-goat nanny
Capra_hircus domestic_goat
Kashmir_goat cashmere_goat
Angora_goat angora
pasang bezoar_goat
Capra_aegagrus bezoar_goat
markhoor markhor
Capra_falconeri markhor
Capra_ibex ibex
genus_Oreamnos oreamnos
Rocky_Mountain_goat mountain_goat
Oreamnos_americanus mountain_goat
genus_Naemorhedus naemorhedus
Naemorhedus_goral goral
genus_Capricornis capricornis
genus_Rupicapra rupicapra
Rupicapra_rupicapra chamois
genus_Budorcas budorcas
gnu_goat takin
Budorcas_taxicolor takin
genus_Antilope antilope
black_buck blackbuck
Antilope_cervicapra blackbuck
genus_Litocranius litocranius
Litocranius_walleri gerenuk
Addax_nasomaculatus addax
genus_Connochaetes connochaetes
wildebeest gnu
genus_Madoqua madoqua
genus_Alcelaphus alcelaphus
genus_Damaliscus damaliscus
topi sassaby
Damaliscus_lunatus sassaby
genus_Aepyceros aepyceros
Aepyceros_melampus impala
genus_Gazella gazella
Gazella_thomsoni thomson's_gazelle
genus_Antidorcas antidorcas
springbuck springbok
Antidorcas_marsupialis springbok
Antidorcas_euchore springbok
genus_Tragelaphus tragelaphus
Strepsiceros tragelaphus
genus_Strepsiceros tragelaphus
Tragelaphus_eurycerus bongo
Boocercus_eurycerus bongo
koodoo kudu
koudou kudu
Tragelaphus_strepsiceros greater_kudu
Tragelaphus_imberbis lesser_kudu
Tragelaphus_angasi nyala
Tragelaphus_buxtoni mountain_nyala
guib bushbuck
Tragelaphus_scriptus bushbuck
genus_Boselaphus boselaphus
nylghai nilgai
nylghau nilgai
blue_bull nilgai
Boselaphus_tragocamelus nilgai
genus_Hippotragus hippotragus
Hippotragus_niger sable_antelope
Saiga_tatarica saiga
genus_Raphicerus raphicerus
steinbok steenbok
Raphicerus_campestris steenbok
genus_Taurotragus taurotragus
Taurotragus_oryx common_eland
Taurotragus_derbianus giant_eland
genus_Kobus kobus
Kobus_kob kob
Kobus_leche lechwe
genus_Adenota adenota
Adenota_vardoni puku
pasang oryx
gemsbuck gemsbok
Oryx_gazella gemsbok
genus_Pseudoryx pseudoryx
spindle_horn forest_goat
Pseudoryx_nghetinhensis forest_goat
family_Antilocapridae antilocapridae
genus_Antilocapra antilocapra
prongbuck pronghorn
pronghorn_antelope pronghorn
American_antelope pronghorn
Antilocapra_americana pronghorn
family_Cervidae cervidae
cervid deer
royal_stag royal
genus_Cervus cervus
elk red_deer
American_elk red_deer
wapiti red_deer
Cervus_elaphus red_deer
stag hart
sambur sambar
Cervus_unicolor sambar
elk wapiti
American_elk wapiti
Cervus_elaphus_canadensis wapiti
sika japanese_deer
Cervus_nipon japanese_deer
Cervus_sika japanese_deer
genus_Odocoileus odocoileus
white_tail virginia_deer
whitetail virginia_deer
white-tailed_deer virginia_deer
whitetail_deer virginia_deer
Odocoileus_Virginianus virginia_deer
burro_deer mule_deer
Odocoileus_hemionus mule_deer
blacktail_deer black-tailed_deer
blacktail black-tailed_deer
Odocoileus_hemionus_columbianus black-tailed_deer
genus_Alces alces
European_elk elk
moose elk
Alces_alces elk
genus_Dama dama
Dama_dama fallow_deer
genus_Capreolus capreolus
Capreolus_capreolus roe_deer
genus_Rangifer rangifer
reindeer caribou
Greenland_caribou caribou
Rangifer_tarandus caribou
Rangifer_caribou woodland_caribou
Rangifer_arcticus barren_ground_caribou
genus_Mazama mazama
genus_Muntiacus muntiacus
barking_deer muntjac
genus_Moschus moschus
Moschus_moschiferus musk_deer
genus_Elaphurus elaphurus
elaphure pere_david's_deer
Elaphurus_davidianus pere_david's_deer
family_Tragulidae tragulidae
mouse_deer chevrotain
genus_Tragulus tragulus
Tragulus_kanchil kanchil
Tragulus_Javanicus napu
genus_Hyemoschus hyemoschus
water_deer water_chevrotain
Hyemoschus_aquaticus water_chevrotain
family_Camelidae camelidae
genus_Camelus camelus
dromedary arabian_camel
Camelus_dromedarius arabian_camel
Camelus_bactrianus bactrian_camel
genus_Lama lama
Lama_peruana domestic_llama
Lama_guanicoe guanaco
Lama_pacos alpaca
genus_Vicugna vicugna
Vicugna_vicugna vicuna
family_Giraffidae giraffidae
genus_Giraffa giraffa
camelopard giraffe
Giraffa_camelopardalis giraffe
genus_Okapia okapia
Okapia_johnstoni okapi
family_Mustelidae mustelidae
mustelid musteline_mammal
musteline musteline_mammal
genus_Mustela mustela
shorttail_weasel ermine
Mustela_erminea ermine
Mustela_rixosa new_world_least_weasel
Mustela_nivalis old_world_least_weasel
long-tailed_weasel longtail_weasel
Mustela_frenata longtail_weasel
Mustela_vison american_mink
fitch polecat
foulmart polecat
foumart polecat
Mustela_putorius polecat
ferret black-footed_ferret
Mustela_nigripes black-footed_ferret
genus_Poecilogale poecilogale
Poecilogale_albinucha snake_muishond
genus_Ictonyx ictonyx
Ictonyx_striata striped_muishond
Ictonyx_frenata zoril
subfamily_Lutrinae lutrinae
genus_Lutra lutra
Lutra_canadensis river_otter
Lutra_lutra eurasian_otter
genus_Enhydra enhydra
Enhydra_lutris sea_otter
subfamily_Mephitinae mephitinae
polecat skunk
wood_pussy skunk
genus_Mephitis mephitis
Mephitis_mephitis striped_skunk
Mephitis_macroura hooded_skunk
genus_Conepatus conepatus
hognosed_skunk hog-nosed_skunk
badger_skunk hog-nosed_skunk
rooter_skunk hog-nosed_skunk
Conepatus_leuconotus hog-nosed_skunk
genus_Spilogale spilogale
little_spotted_skunk spotted_skunk
Spilogale_putorius spotted_skunk
subfamily_Melinae melinae
genus_Taxidea taxidea
Taxidea_taxus american_badger
genus_Meles meles
Meles_meles eurasian_badger
genus_Mellivora mellivora
honey_badger ratel
Mellivora_capensis ratel
genus_Melogale melogale
genus_Arctonyx arctonyx
hog-nosed_badger hog_badger
sand_badger hog_badger
Arctonyx_collaris hog_badger
genus_Gulo gulo
carcajou wolverine
skunk_bear wolverine
Gulo_luscus wolverine
Gulo_gulo glutton
wolverine glutton
Grison_vittatus grison
Galictis_vittatus grison
genus_Martes martes
marten_cat marten
Martes_martes pine_marten
Martes_zibellina sable
American_sable american_marten
Martes_americana american_marten
beech_marten stone_marten
Martes_foina stone_marten
pekan fisher
fisher_cat fisher
black_cat fisher
Martes_pennanti fisher
genus_Charronia charronia
Charronia_flavigula yellow-throated_marten
genus_Eira eira
taira tayra
Eira_barbara tayra
neb snout
rostrum snout
trunk proboscis
order_Edentata edentata
suborder_Xenarthra xenarthra
family_Dasypodidae dasypodidae
genus_Dasypus dasypus
nine-banded_armadillo peba
Texas_armadillo peba
Dasypus_novemcinctus peba
genus_Tolypeutes tolypeutes
three-banded_armadillo apar
Tolypeutes_tricinctus apar
cabassous tatouay
Cabassous_unicinctus tatouay
genus_Euphractus euphractus
poyou peludo
Euphractus_sexcinctus peludo
genus_Priodontes priodontes
tatou giant_armadillo
tatu giant_armadillo
Priodontes_giganteus giant_armadillo
genus_Chlamyphorus chlamyphorus
pichiciego pichiciago
fairy_armadillo pichiciago
chlamyphore pichiciago
Chlamyphorus_truncatus pichiciago
genus_Burmeisteria burmeisteria
Burmeisteria_retusa greater_pichiciego
family_Bradypodidae bradypodidae
tree_sloth sloth
genus_Bradypus bradypus
ai three-toed_sloth
Bradypus_tridactylus three-toed_sloth
family_Megalonychidae megalonychidae
genus_Choloepus choloepus
unau two-toed_sloth
unai two-toed_sloth
Choloepus_didactylus two-toed_sloth
unau two-toed_sloth
unai two-toed_sloth
Choloepus_hoffmanni two-toed_sloth
family_Megatheriidae megatheriidae
megatheriid megatherian
megatherian_mammal megatherian
genus_Megatherium megatherium
megathere ground_sloth
family_Mylodontidae mylodontidae
family_Myrmecophagidae myrmecophagidae
New_World_anteater anteater
genus_Myrmecophaga myrmecophaga
giant_anteater ant_bear
great_anteater ant_bear
tamanoir ant_bear
Myrmecophaga_jubata ant_bear
genus_Cyclopes cyclopes
two-toed_anteater silky_anteater
Cyclopes_didactylus silky_anteater
tamandu tamandua
lesser_anteater tamandua
Tamandua_tetradactyla tamandua
order_Pholidota pholidota
family_Manidae manidae
genus_Manis manis
scaly_anteater pangolin
anteater pangolin
fetter_bone pastern
fetlock_joint fetlock
shank cannon
hock-joint hock
lumbus loin
croup hindquarters
croupe hindquarters
rump hindquarters
knee stifle
hindlimb hind_limb
lateral_line_organ lateral_line
ventral_fin pelvic_fin
caudal_fin tail_fin
swim_bladder air_bladder
float air_bladder
preen_gland uropygial_gland
serictery silk_gland
sericterium silk_gland
calamus quill
shaft quill
nervure vein
pinion flight_feather
quill flight_feather
quill_feather flight_feather
primary_feather primary
primary_quill primary
polliwog tadpole
pollywog tadpole
order_Primates primates
suborder_Anthropoidea anthropoidea
superfamily_Hominoidea hominoidea
family_Hominidae hominidae
man homo
human_being homo
human homo
human_race world
humanity world
humankind world
human_beings world
humans world
mankind world
man world
Pithecanthropus_erectus pithecanthropus
genus_Pithecanthropus pithecanthropus
Trinil_man java_man
genus_Sinanthropus sinanthropus
genus_Javanthropus javanthropus
Neanderthal_man neandertal_man
Neandertal neandertal_man
Neanderthal neandertal_man
Homo_sapiens_neanderthalensis neandertal_man
modern_man homo_sapiens_sapiens
Australopithecus genus_australopithecus
genus_Plesianthropus plesianthropus
genus_Zinjanthropus zinjanthropus
genus_Paranthropus paranthropus
genus_Dryopithecus dryopithecus
Dryopithecus_Rudapithecus_hungaricus rudapithecus
genus_Ouranopithecus ouranopithecus
genus_Lufengpithecus lufengpithecus
genus_Kenyapithecus kenyapithecus
genus_Algeripithecus algeripithecus
family_Pongidae pongidae
pongid great_ape
genus_Pongo pongo
orang orangutan
orangutang orangutan
Pongo_pygmaeus orangutan
Gorilla_gorilla gorilla
Gorilla_gorilla_gorilla western_lowland_gorilla
Gorilla_gorilla_grauri eastern_lowland_gorilla
Gorilla_gorilla_beringei mountain_gorilla
genus_Pan pan
chimp chimpanzee
Pan_troglodytes chimpanzee
Pan_troglodytes_verus western_chimpanzee
Pan_troglodytes_schweinfurthii eastern_chimpanzee
Pan_troglodytes_troglodytes central_chimpanzee
bonobo pygmy_chimpanzee
Pan_paniscus pygmy_chimpanzee
family_Hylobatidae hylobatidae
genus_Hylobates hylobates
Hylobates_lar gibbon
genus_Symphalangus symphalangus
Hylobates_syndactylus siamang
Symphalangus_syndactylus siamang
family_Cercopithecidae cercopithecidae
catarrhine old_world_monkey
genus_Cercopithecus cercopithecus
guenon_monkey guenon
Cercopithecus_talapoin talapoin
Cercopithecus_aethiops grivet
vervet_monkey vervet
Cercopithecus_aethiops_pygerythrus vervet
African_green_monkey green_monkey
Cercopithecus_aethiops_sabaeus green_monkey
genus_Cercocebus cercocebus
genus_Erythrocebus erythrocebus
hussar_monkey patas
Erythrocebus_patas patas
genus_Papio papio
chacma_baboon chacma
Papio_ursinus chacma
genus_Mandrillus mandrillus
Mandrillus_sphinx mandrill
Mandrillus_leucophaeus drill
genus_Macaca macaca
rhesus_monkey rhesus
Macaca_mulatta rhesus
bonnet_monkey bonnet_macaque
capped_macaque bonnet_macaque
crown_monkey bonnet_macaque
Macaca_radiata bonnet_macaque
Macaca_sylvana barbary_ape
croo_monkey crab-eating_macaque
Macaca_irus crab-eating_macaque
genus_Presbytes presbytes
mammal_Semnopithecus presbytes
hanuman entellus
Presbytes_entellus entellus
Semnopithecus_entellus entellus
colobus_monkey colobus
Colobus_guereza guereza
genus_Nasalis nasalis
Nasalis_larvatus proboscis_monkey
superfamily_Platyrrhini platyrrhini
platyrrhine new_world_monkey
platyrrhinian new_world_monkey
family_Callithricidae callithricidae
genus_Callithrix callithrix
genus_Cebuella cebuella
Cebuella_pygmaea pygmy_marmoset
genus_Leontocebus leontocebus
genus_Leontideus leontocebus
lion_monkey tamarin
lion_marmoset tamarin
leoncita tamarin
Leontocebus_rosalia silky_tamarin
Leontocebus_oedipus pinche
family_Cebidae cebidae
genus_Cebus cebus
ringtail capuchin
Cebus_capucinus capuchin
genus_Aotus aotus
Aotus_trivirgatus douroucouli
genus_Alouatta alouatta
howler howler_monkey
genus_Pithecia pithecia
genus_Cacajao cacajao
genus_Callicebus callicebus
titi_monkey titi
genus_Ateles ateles
Ateles_geoffroyi spider_monkey
genus_Saimiri saimiri
Saimiri_sciureus squirrel_monkey
genus_Lagothrix lagothrix
order_Scandentia scandentia
family_Tupaiidae tupaiidae
genus_Tupaia tupaia
genus_Ptilocercus ptilocercus
pen-tail pentail
pen-tailed_tree_shrew pentail
suborder_Prosimii prosimii
Adapid_group adapid
suborder_Lemuroidea lemuroidea
suborder_Strepsirhini strepsirhini
family_Lemuridae lemuridae
ring-tailed_lemur madagascar_cat
Lemur_catta madagascar_cat
family_Daubentoniidae daubentoniidae
genus_Daubentonia daubentonia
Daubentonia_madagascariensis aye-aye
family_Lorisidae lorisidae
Loris_gracilis slender_loris
genus_Nycticebus nycticebus
Nycticebus_tardigradua slow_loris
Nycticebus_pygmaeus slow_loris
genus_Perodicticus perodicticus
kinkajou potto
Perodicticus_potto potto
genus_Arctocebus arctocebus
golden_potto angwantibo
Arctocebus_calabarensis angwantibo
bushbaby galago
bush_baby galago
family_Indriidae indriidae
indris indri
Indri_indri indri
Indri_brevicaudatus indri
genus_Avahi avahi
Avahi_laniger woolly_indris
Omomyid_group omomyid
suborder_Tarsioidea tarsioidea
family_Tarsiidae tarsiidae
genus_Tarsius tarsius
order_Dermoptera dermoptera
family_Cynocephalidae cynocephalidae
genus_Cynocephalus cynocephalus
flying_cat flying_lemur
colugo flying_lemur
order_Proboscidea proboscidea
proboscidian proboscidean
family_Elephantidae elephantidae
genus_Elephas elephas
Elephas_maximus indian_elephant
genus_Loxodonta loxodonta
Loxodonta_africana african_elephant
genus_Mammuthus mammuthus
northern_mammoth woolly_mammoth
Mammuthus_primigenius woolly_mammoth
Mammuthus_columbi columbian_mammoth
genus_Archidiskidon archidiskidon
imperial_elephant imperial_mammoth
Archidiskidon_imperator imperial_mammoth
family_Mammutidae mammutidae
family_Mastodontidae mammutidae
genus_Mammut mammut
genus_Mastodon mammut
mastodont mastodon
American_mastodont american_mastodon
Mammut_americanum american_mastodon
family_Gomphotheriidae gomphotheriidae
genus_Gomphotherium gomphotherium
plantigrade plantigrade_mammal
digitigrade digitigrade_mammal
family_Procyonidae procyonidae
genus_Procyon procyon
racoon raccoon
common_racoon common_raccoon
coon common_raccoon
ringtail common_raccoon
Procyon_lotor common_raccoon
Procyon_cancrivorus crab-eating_raccoon
subfamily_Bassariscidae bassariscidae
genus_Bassariscus bassariscus
cacomistle bassarisk
cacomixle bassarisk
coon_cat bassarisk
raccoon_fox bassarisk
ringtail bassarisk
ring-tailed_cat bassarisk
civet_cat bassarisk
miner's_cat bassarisk
Bassariscus_astutus bassarisk
genus_Potos potos
honey_bear kinkajou
potto kinkajou
Potos_flavus kinkajou
Potos_caudivolvulus kinkajou
genus_Nasua nasua
coati-mondi coati
coati-mundi coati
coon_cat coati
Nasua_narica coati
genus_Ailurus ailurus
red_panda lesser_panda
panda lesser_panda
bear_cat lesser_panda
cat_bear lesser_panda
Ailurus_fulgens lesser_panda
family_Ailuropodidae ailuropodidae
genus_Ailuropoda ailuropoda
panda giant_panda
panda_bear giant_panda
coon_bear giant_panda
Ailuropoda_melanoleuca giant_panda
branchia gill
branchial_cleft gill_slit
gill_cleft gill_slit
branchial_arch gill_arch
gill_bar gill_arch
sport_fish game_fish
bottom_fish groundfish
snoek barracouta
class_Channidae channidae
class_Osteichthyes osteichthyes
subclass_Crossopterygii crossopterygii
lobefin crossopterygian
lobe-finned_fish crossopterygian
family_Latimeridae latimeridae
genus_Latimeria latimeria
Latimeria_chalumnae coelacanth
subclass_Dipnoi dipnoi
family_Ceratodontidae ceratodontidae
genus_Neoceratodus neoceratodus
Queensland_lungfish australian_lungfish
Neoceratodus_forsteri australian_lungfish
order_Siluriformes siluriformes
siluriform_fish catfish
family_Siluridae siluridae
silurid_fish silurid
genus_Silurus silurus
sheatfish european_catfish
Silurus_glanis european_catfish
genus_Malopterurus malopterurus
Malopterurus_electricus electric_catfish
family_Ameiuridae ameiuridae
genus_Ameiurus ameiurus
bullhead_catfish bullhead
hornpout horned_pout
pout horned_pout
Ameiurus_Melas horned_pout
genus_Ictalurus ictalurus
channel_cat channel_catfish
Ictalurus_punctatus channel_catfish
blue_cat blue_catfish
blue_channel_catfish blue_catfish
blue_channel_cat blue_catfish
genus_Pylodictus pylodictus
mudcat flathead_catfish
goujon flathead_catfish
shovelnose_catfish flathead_catfish
spoonbill_catfish flathead_catfish
Pylodictus_olivaris flathead_catfish
family_Laricariidae laricariidae
family_Ariidae ariidae
genus_Arius arius
order_Gadiformes gadiformes
order_Anacanthini anacanthini
gadoid_fish gadoid
family_Gadidae gadidae
genus_Gadus gadus
codfish cod
Gadus_morhua atlantic_cod
Alaska_cod pacific_cod
Gadus_macrocephalus pacific_cod
genus_Merlangus merlangus
Merlangus_merlangus whiting
Gadus_merlangus whiting
genus_Lota lota
eelpout burbot
ling burbot
cusk burbot
Lota_lota burbot
schrod scrod
genus_Melanogrammus melanogrammus
Melanogrammus_aeglefinus haddock
genus_Pollachius pollachius
pollock pollack
Pollachius_pollachius pollack
genus_Merluccius merluccius
Merluccius_bilinearis silver_hake
whiting silver_hake
genus_Urophycis urophycis
genus_Molva molva
Molva_molva ling
genus_Browmius brosmius
torsk cusk
Brosme_brosme cusk
family_Macrouridae macrouridae
Macruridae macrouridae
family_Macruridae macrouridae
rattail grenadier
rattail_fish grenadier
order_Anguilliformes anguilliformes
order_Apodes anguilliformes
family_Anguillidae anguillidae
genus_Anguilla anguilla
freshwater_eel common_eel
Anguilla_sucklandii tuna
family_Muraenidae muraenidae
moray_eel moray
family_Congridae congridae
conger_eel conger
subclass_Teleostei teleostei
teleost teleost_fish
teleostan teleost_fish
order_Isospondyli isospondyli
family_Gonorhynchidae gonorhynchidae
genus_Gonorhynchus gonorhynchus
sandfish beaked_salmon
Gonorhynchus_gonorhynchus beaked_salmon
family_Clupeidae clupeidae
clupeid clupeid_fish
britt brit
genus_Alosa alosa
Alosa_sapidissima common_american_shad
Alosa_chrysocloris river_shad
allis_shad allice_shad
allice allice_shad
allis allice_shad
Alosa_alosa allice_shad
Alosa_pseudoharengus alewife
Pomolobus_pseudoharengus alewife
genus_Pomolobus pomolobus
genus_Brevoortia brevoortia
Brevoortia_tyrannis menhaden
genus_Clupea clupea
Clupea_harangus herring
Clupea_harengus_harengus atlantic_herring
Clupea_harengus_pallasii pacific_herring
sprat brisling
Clupea_sprattus brisling
genus_Sardina sardina
genus_Sardinia sardina
sardine pilchard
Sardina_pilchardus pilchard
genus_Sardinops sardinops
Sardinops_caerulea pacific_sardine
family_Engraulidae engraulidae
genus_Engraulis engraulis
Engraulis_encrasicholus mediterranean_anchovy
family_Salmonidae salmonidae
genus_Salmo salmo
Salmo_salar atlantic_salmon
lake_salmon landlocked_salmon
genus_Oncorhynchus oncorhynchus
sockeye_salmon sockeye
red_salmon sockeye
blueback_salmon sockeye
Oncorhynchus_nerka sockeye
chinook_salmon chinook
king_salmon chinook
quinnat_salmon chinook
Oncorhynchus_tshawytscha chinook
chum chum_salmon
Oncorhynchus_keta chum_salmon
cohoe coho
coho_salmon coho
blue_jack coho
silver_salmon coho
Oncorhynchus_kisutch coho
salmon_trout brown_trout
Salmo_trutta brown_trout
Salmo_gairdneri rainbow_trout
genus_Salvelinus salvelinus
salmon_trout lake_trout
Salvelinus_namaycush lake_trout
speckled_trout brook_trout
Salvelinus_fontinalis brook_trout
charr char
Salvelinus_alpinus arctic_char
family_Coregonidae coregonidae
genus_Coregonus coregonus
Coregonus_clupeaformis lake_whitefish
lake_herring cisco
Coregonus_artedi cisco
genus_Prosopium prosopium
Menominee_whitefish round_whitefish
Prosopium_cylindraceum round_whitefish
Prosopium_williamsonii rocky_mountain_whitefish
family_Osmeridae osmeridae
genus_Osmerus osmerus
Osmerus_mordax rainbow_smelt
European_smelt sparling
Osmerus_eperlanus sparling
genus_Mallotus mallotus
capelan capelin
caplin capelin
family_Elopidae elopidae
Tarpon_atlanticus tarpon
genus_Elops elops
tenpounder ladyfish
Elops_saurus ladyfish
family_Albulidae albulidae
genus_Albula albula
Albula_vulpes bonefish
family_Argentinidae argentinidae
genus_Argentina argentina
family_Myctophidae myctophidae
family_Synodontidae synodontidae
snakefish lizardfish
snake-fish lizardfish
family_Chlorophthalmidae chlorophthalmidae
genus_Alepisaurus alepisaurus
lancet_fish lancetfish
wolffish lancetfish
Order_Osteoglossiformes osteoglossiformes
family_Osteoglossidae osteoglossidae
genus_Scleropages scleropages
Dawson_River_salmon australian_arowana
saratoga australian_arowana
spotted_barramundi australian_arowana
spotted_bonytongue australian_arowana
Scleropages_leichardti australian_arowana
northern_barramundi australian_bonytongue
Scleropages_jardinii australian_bonytongue
family_Lampridae lampridae
genus_Lampris lampris
moonfish opah
Lampris_regius opah
Lampris_guttatus new_world_opah
family_Trachipteridae trachipteridae
genus_Trachipterus trachipterus
Trachipterus_arcticus dealfish
family_Regalecidae regalecidae
genus_Regalecus reglaecus
king_of_the_herring oarfish
ribbonfish oarfish
Regalecus_glesne oarfish
order_Pediculati pediculati
family_Ogcocephalidae ogcocephalidae
family_Lophiidae lophiidae
genus_Lophius lophius
angler goosefish
anglerfish goosefish
angler_fish goosefish
monkfish goosefish
lotte goosefish
allmouth goosefish
Lophius_Americanus goosefish
family_Batrachoididae batrachoididae
Opsanus_tau toadfish
oyster-fish oyster_fish
oysterfish oyster_fish
family_Antennariidae antennariidae
order_Synentognathi synentognathi
family_Belonidae belonidae
gar needlefish
billfish needlefish
family_Exocoetidae exocoetidae
two-wing_flying_fish monoplane_flying_fish
four-wing_flying_fish biplane_flying_fish
family_Hemiramphidae hemiramphidae
family_Scomberesocidae scomberesocidae
Scombresocidae scomberesocidae
family_Scombresocidae scomberesocidae
genus_Scomberesox scomberesox
Scombresox scomberesox
genus_Scombresox scomberesox
billfish saury
Scomberesox_saurus saury
superorder_Acanthopterygii acanthopterygii
acanthopterygian spiny-finned_fish
family_Ophiodontidae ophiodontidae
genus_Ophiodon ophiodon
Ophiodon_elongatus lingcod
order_Perciformes perciformes
Percomorphi perciformes
order_Percomorphi perciformes
suborder_Percoidea percoidea
percoid percoid_fish
percoidean percoid_fish
family_Anabantidae anabantidae
genus_Anabas anabas
Anabas_testudineus climbing_perch
A._testudineus climbing_perch
family_Percidae percidae
genus_Perca perca
Perca_flavescens yellow_perch
Perca_fluviatilis european_perch
genus_Stizostedion stizostedion
pike_perch pike-perch
walleyed_pike walleye
jack_salmon walleye
dory walleye
Stizostedion_vitreum walleye
blue_pickerel blue_pike
blue_pikeperch blue_pike
blue_walleye blue_pike
Strizostedion_vitreum_glaucum blue_pike
genus_Percina percina
Percina_tanasi snail_darter
family_Trichodontidae trichodontidae
family_Ophidiidae ophidiidae
family_Brotulidae brotulidae
family_Carapidae carapidae
pearl-fish pearlfish
family_Centropomidae centropomidae
genus_Centropomus centropomus
genus_Lates lates
giant_perch barramundi
giant_seaperch barramundi
Asian_seabass barramundi
white_seabass barramundi
Lates_calcarifer barramundi
family_Esocidae esocidae
genus_Esox esox
Esox_lucius northern_pike
Esox_masquinongy muskellunge
chain_pike chain_pickerel
Esox_niger chain_pickerel
barred_pickerel redfin_pickerel
Esox_americanus redfin_pickerel
family_Centrarchidae centrarchidae
centrarchid sunfish
genus_Pomoxis pomoxis
Pomoxis_nigromaculatus black_crappie
Pomoxis_annularis white_crappie
bream freshwater_bream
genus_Lepomis lepomis
Lepomis_gibbosus pumpkinseed
Lepomis_macrochirus bluegill
stumpknocker spotted_sunfish
Lepomis_punctatus spotted_sunfish
genus_Ambloplites ambloplites
rock_sunfish rock_bass
Ambloplites_rupestris rock_bass
genus_Micropterus micropterus
spotted_black_bass kentucky_black_bass
Micropterus_pseudoplites kentucky_black_bass
smallmouth_bass smallmouth
smallmouthed_bass smallmouth
smallmouth_black_bass smallmouth
smallmouthed_black_bass smallmouth
Micropterus_dolomieu smallmouth
largemouth_bass largemouth
largemouthed_bass largemouth
largemouth_black_bass largemouth
largemouthed_black_bass largemouth
Micropterus_salmoides largemouth
family_Serranidae serranidae
serranid serranid_fish
genus_Morone morone
silver_perch white_perch
Morone_americana white_perch
Morone_interrupta yellow_bass
genus_Synagrops synagrops
Synagrops_bellus blackmouth_bass
genus_Centropristis centropristis
rock_bass rock_sea_bass
Centropristis_philadelphica rock_sea_bass
black_bass black_sea_bass
Centropistes_striata black_sea_bass
genus_Roccus roccus
striper striped_bass
Roccus_saxatilis striped_bass
rockfish striped_bass
genus_Polyprion polyprion
wreckfish stone_bass
Polyprion_americanus stone_bass
genus_Serranus serranus
Serranus_subligarius belted_sandfish
genus_Epinephelus epinephelus
Epinephelus_fulvus coney
Epinephelus_adscensionis rock_hind
genus_Paranthias paranthias
Paranthias_furcifer creole-fish
genus_Mycteroperca mycteroperca
Mycteroperca_bonaci jewfish
genus_Rypticus rypticus
family_Embiotocidae embiotocidae
surffish surfperch
surf_fish surfperch
genus_Hipsurus hipsurus
rainbow_perch rainbow_seaperch
Hipsurus_caryi rainbow_seaperch
family_Priacanthidae priacanthidae
genus_Priacanthus priacanthus
Priacanthus_arenatus catalufa
family_Apogonidae apogonidae
genus_Apogon apogon
flamefish flame_fish
Apogon_maculatus flame_fish
genus_Astropogon astropogon
Astropogon_stellatus conchfish
family_Malacanthidae malacanthidae
genus_Lopholatilus lopholatilus
Lopholatilus_chamaeleonticeps tilefish
family_Pomatomidae pomatomidae
genus_Pomatomus pomatomus
Pomatomus_saltatrix bluefish
family_Rachycentridae rachycentridae
genus_Rachycentron rachycentron
Rachycentron_canadum cobia
sergeant_fish cobia
order_Discocephali discocephali
family_Echeneididae echeneididae
family_Echeneidae echeneididae
suckerfish remora
sucking_fish remora
genus_Echeneis echeneis
Echeneis_naucrates sharksucker
genus_Remilegia remilegia
whalesucker whale_sucker
Remilegia_australis whale_sucker
family_Carangidae carangidae
carangid carangid_fish
genus_Caranx caranx
jack_crevalle crevalle_jack
Caranx_hippos crevalle_jack
Caranx_bartholomaei yellow_jack
blue_runner runner
Caranx_crysos runner
genus_Elagatis elagatis
Elagatis_bipinnulata rainbow_runner
genus_Oligoplites oligoplites
leatherjack leatherjacket
genus_Alectis alectis
thread-fish threadfish
Alectis_ciliaris threadfish
genus_Selene selene
Atlantic_moonfish moonfish
horsefish moonfish
horsehead moonfish
horse-head moonfish
dollarfish moonfish
Selene_setapinnis moonfish
lookdown_fish lookdown
Selene_vomer lookdown
genus_Seriola seriola
amberfish amberjack
Seriola_dorsalis yellowtail
banded_rudderfish rudderfish
Seriola_zonata rudderfish
Seriola_grandis kingfish
genus_Trachinotus trachinotus
Trachinotus_carolinus florida_pompano
Trachinotus_falcatus permit
genus_Naucrates naucrates
Naucrates_ductor pilotfish
genus_Trachurus trachurus
jack_mackerel horse_mackerel
Spanish_mackerel horse_mackerel
saurel horse_mackerel
Trachurus_symmetricus horse_mackerel
saurel horse_mackerel
Trachurus_trachurus horse_mackerel
genus_Selar selar
big-eyed_scad bigeye_scad
goggle-eye bigeye_scad
Selar_crumenophthalmus bigeye_scad
genus_Decapterus decapterus
mackerel_shad mackerel_scad
Decapterus_macarellus mackerel_scad
cigarfish round_scad
quiaquia round_scad
Decapterus_punctatus round_scad
family_Coryphaenidae coryphaenidae
dolphin dolphinfish
mahimahi dolphinfish
family_Bramidae bramidae
genus_Brama brama
Brama_raii pomfret
family_Branchiostegidae branchiostegidae
tilefish blanquillo
family_Characidae characidae
family_Characinidae characinidae
characin_fish characin
characid characin
genus_Hemigrammus hemigrammus
genus_Paracheirodon paracheirodon
Paracheirodon_axelrodi cardinal_tetra
genus_Serrasalmus serrasalmus
pirana piranha
caribe piranha
feeler antenna
feeler barbel
pleopod swimmeret
family_Cichlidae cichlidae
cichlid_fish cichlid
genus_Tilapia tilapia
Tilapia_nilotica bolti
family_Lutjanidae lutjanidae
genus_Lutjanus lutjanus
Lutjanus_blackfordi red_snapper
gray_snapper grey_snapper
mangrove_snapper grey_snapper
Lutjanus_griseus grey_snapper
muttonfish mutton_snapper
Lutjanus_analis mutton_snapper
Lutjanus_apodus schoolmaster
genus_Ocyurus ocyurus
yellowtail_snapper yellowtail
Ocyurus_chrysurus yellowtail
family_Haemulidae haemulidae
genus_Haemulon haemulon
Haemulon_album margate
Haemulon_macrostomum spanish_grunt
Haemulon_aurolineatum tomtate
Haemulon_malanurum cottonwick
sailors_choice sailor's-choice
Haemulon_parra sailor's-choice
genus_Anisotremus anisotremus
pork-fish porkfish
Anisotremus_virginicus porkfish
black_margate pompon
Anisotremus_surinamensis pompon
genus_Orthopristis orthopristis
hogfish pigfish
Orthopristis_chrysopterus pigfish
family_Sparidae sparidae
sparid_fish sparid
bream sea_bream
genus_Pagrus pagrus
Pagrus_pagrus red_porgy
genus_Pagellus pagellus
Pagellus_centrodontus european_sea_bream
genus_Archosargus archosargus
Archosargus_rhomboidalis atlantic_sea_bream
Archosargus_probatocephalus sheepshead
genus_Lagodon lagodon
sailor's-choice pinfish
squirrelfish pinfish
Lagodon_rhomboides pinfish
genus_Calamus calamus
Calamus_penna sheepshead_porgy
genus_Chrysophrys chrysophrys
Chrysophrys_auratus snapper
Chrysophrys_australis black_bream
genus_Stenotomus stenotomus
northern_porgy scup
northern_scup scup
Stenotomus_chrysops scup
southern_porgy scup
southern_scup scup
Stenotomus_aculeatus scup
family_Sciaenidae sciaenidae
sciaenid sciaenid_fish
drumfish drum
genus_Equetus equetus
Equetus_pulcher striped_drum
Equetus_lanceolatus jackknife-fish
genus_Bairdiella bairdiella
mademoiselle silver_perch
Bairdiella_chrysoura silver_perch
genus_Sciaenops sciaenops
channel_bass red_drum
redfish red_drum
Sciaenops_ocellatus red_drum
genus_Sciaena sciaena
jewfish mulloway
Sciaena_antarctica mulloway
maiger maigre
Sciaena_aquila maigre
genus_Micropogonias micropogonias
Micropogonias_undulatus atlantic_croaker
genus_Umbrina umbrina
surffish yellowfin_croaker
surf_fish yellowfin_croaker
Umbrina_roncador yellowfin_croaker
genus_Menticirrhus menticirrhus
Menticirrhus_americanus king_whiting
Menticirrhus_saxatilis northern_whiting
Menticirrhus_undulatus corbina
Menticirrhus_littoralis silver_whiting
genus_Genyonemus genyonemus
chenfish white_croaker
kingfish white_croaker
Genyonemus_lineatus white_croaker
genus_Seriphus seriphus
queenfish white_croaker
Seriphus_politus white_croaker
genus_Cynoscion cynoscion
Cynoscion_regalis weakfish
spotted_sea_trout spotted_weakfish
spotted_squeateague spotted_weakfish
Cynoscion_nebulosus spotted_weakfish
family_Mullidae mullidae
genus_Mullus mullus
red_mullet goatfish
surmullet goatfish
Mullus_surmuletus goatfish
Mullus_auratus red_goatfish
genus_Mulloidichthys mulloidichthys
Mulloidichthys_martinicus yellow_goatfish
suborder_Mugiloidea mugiloidea
family_Mugilidae mugilidae
grey_mullet mullet
gray_mullet mullet
genus_Mugil mugil
Mugil_cephalus striped_mullet
Mugil_curema white_mullet
Mugil_liza liza
family_Atherinidae atherinidae
silverside silversides
genus_Atherinopsis atherinopsis
Atherinopsis_californiensis jacksmelt
family_Sphyraenidae sphyraenidae
genus_Sphyraena sphyraena
Sphyraena_barracuda great_barracuda
family_Pempheridae pempheridae
family_Kyphosidae kyphosidae
genus_Kyphosus kyphosus
rudderfish bermuda_chub
Kyphosus_sectatrix bermuda_chub
family_Ephippidae ephippidae
genus_Chaetodipterus chaetodipterus
angelfish spadefish
Chaetodipterus_faber spadefish
family_Chaetodontidae chaetodontidae
genus_Pomacanthus pomacanthus
Holocanthus_tricolor rock_beauty
family_Pomacentridae pomacentridae
demoiselle damselfish
genus_Pomacentrus pomacentrus
Pomacentrus_leucostictus beaugregory
genus_Amphiprion amphiprion
Amphiprion_percula clown_anemone_fish
genus_Abudefduf abudefduf
Abudefduf_saxatilis sergeant_major
family_Labridae labridae
genus_Achoerodus achoerodus
giant_pigfish pigfish
Achoerodus_gouldii pigfish
genus_Lachnolaimus lachnolaimus
hog_snapper hogfish
Lachnolaimus_maximus hogfish
genus_Halicoeres halicoeres
Halicoeres_bivittatus slippery_dick
pudding-wife puddingwife
Halicoeres_radiatus puddingwife
genus_Thalassoma thalassoma
Thalassoma_bifasciatum bluehead
genus_Hemipteronatus hemipteronatus
razor-fish razor_fish
Hemipteronatus_novacula pearly_razorfish
genus_Tautoga tautoga
blackfish tautog
Tautoga_onitis tautog
genus_Tautogolabrus tautogolabrus
bergall cunner
Tautogolabrus_adspersus cunner
family_Scaridae scaridae
polly_fish parrotfish
pollyfish parrotfish
family_Polynemidae polynemidae
genus_Polydactylus polydactylus
Polydactylus_virginicus barbu
family_Opisthognathidae opisthognathidae
family_Uranoscopidae uranoscopidae
family_Dactyloscopidae dactyloscopidae
suborder_Blennioidea blennioidea
blennioid blennioid_fish
family_Blenniidae blenniidae
combtooth_blenny blenny
genus_Blennius blennius
Blennius_pholis shanny
genus_Scartella scartella
Scartella_cristata molly_miller
family_Clinidae clinidae
clinid_fish clinid
genus_Chaenopsis chaenopsis
Chaenopsis_ocellata bluethroat_pikeblenny
family_Pholidae pholidae
family_Pholididae pholidae
bracketed_blenny gunnel
genus_Pholis pholis
butterfish rock_gunnel
Pholis_gunnellus rock_gunnel
family_Stichaeidae stichaeidae
genus_Lumpenus lumpenus
Lumpenus_lumpretaeformis snakeblenny
genus_Cryptacanthodes cryptacanthodes
ghostfish wrymouth
Cryptacanthodes_maculatus wrymouth
family_Anarhichadidae anarhichadidae
genus_Anarhichas anarhichas
wolf_fish wolffish
catfish wolffish
family_Zoarcidae zoarcidae
pout eelpout
genus_Zoarces zoarces
Zoarces_viviparus viviparous_eelpout
genus_Gymnelis gymnelis
Gymnelis_viridis fish_doctor
genus_Macrozoarces macrozoarces
Macrozoarces_americanus ocean_pout
family_Ammodytidae ammodytidae
genus_Ammodytes ammodytes
sand_launce sand_lance
sand_eel sand_lance
launce sand_lance
family_Callionymidae callionymidae
family_Gobiidae gobiidae
gudgeon goby
genus_Periophthalmus periophthalmus
mudspringer mudskipper
family_Eleotridae eleotridae
sleeper_goby sleeper
family_Percophidae percophidae
family_Toxotidae toxotidae
genus_Toxotes toxotes
Toxotes_jaculatrix archerfish
family_Microdesmidae microdesmidae
family_Acanthuridae acanthuridae
genus_Acanthurus acanthurus
doctor-fish doctorfish
Acanthurus_chirurgus doctorfish
family_Gempylidae gempylidae
genus_Gempylus gempylus
Gempylus_serpens snake_mackerel
genus_Lepidocybium lepidocybium
Lepidocybium_flavobrunneum escolar
Ruvettus_pretiosus oilfish
family_Trichiuridae trichiuridae
frost_fish cutlassfish
hairtail cutlassfish
suborder_Scombroidea scombroidea
scombroid_fish scombroid
family_Scombridae scombridae
genus_Scomber scomber
shiner common_mackerel
Scomber_scombrus common_mackerel
Scomber_colias spanish_mackerel
tinker chub_mackerel
Scomber_japonicus chub_mackerel
genus_Acanthocybium acanthocybium
Acanthocybium_solandri wahoo
genus_Scomberomorus scomberomorus
cavalla king_mackerel
cero king_mackerel
Scomberomorus_cavalla king_mackerel
pintado cero
kingfish cero
Scomberomorus_regalis cero
Scomberomorus_sierra sierra
genus_Thunnus thunnus
tunny tuna
long-fin_tunny albacore
Thunnus_alalunga albacore
bluefin_tuna bluefin
horse_mackerel bluefin
Thunnus_thynnus bluefin
yellowfin_tuna yellowfin
Thunnus_albacares yellowfin
genus_Sarda sarda
Atlantic_bonito skipjack
Sarda_sarda skipjack
Chilean_bonito chile_bonito
Pacific_bonito chile_bonito
Sarda_chiliensis chile_bonito
genus_Euthynnus euthynnus
skipjack_tuna skipjack
Euthynnus_pelamis skipjack
genus_Katsuwonus katsuwonus
family_Kasuwonidae katsuwonidae
oceanic_bonito bonito
Katsuwonus_pelamis bonito
family_Xiphiidae xiphiidae
genus_Xiphias xiphias
Xiphias_gladius swordfish
family_Istiophoridae istiophoridae
genus_Istiophorus istiophorus
Istiophorus_albicans atlantic_sailfish
genus_Makaira makaira
Makaira_nigricans blue_marlin
Makaira_mazara black_marlin
Makaira_marlina black_marlin
Makaira_mitsukurii striped_marlin
Makaira_albida white_marlin
genus_Tetrapturus tetrapturus
family_Luvaridae luvaridae
genus_Luvarus luvarus
Luvarus_imperialis louvar
family_Stromateidae stromateidae
stromateid_fish butterfish
stromateid butterfish
genus_Poronotus poronotus
Poronotus_triacanthus dollarfish
California_pompano palometa
Palometa_simillima palometa
genus_Paprilus paprilus
Paprilus_alepidotus harvestfish
genus_Psenes psenes
genus_Ariomma ariomma
genus_Tetragonurus tetragonurus
genus_Hyperoglyphe hyperoglyphe
black_rudderfish barrelfish
Hyperglyphe_perciformis barrelfish
family_Gobiesocidae gobiesocidae
genus_Gobiesox gobiesox
skilletfish skillet_fish
Gobiesox_strumosus skillet_fish
family_Lobotidae lobotidae
genus_Lobotes lobotes
Lobotes_surinamensis atlantic_tripletail
Lobotes_pacificus pacific_tripletail
family_Gerreidae gerreidae
Gerridae gerreidae
family_Gerridae gerreidae
genus_Gerres gerres
Gerres_cinereus yellowfin_mojarra
genus_Eucinostomus eucinostomus
Eucinostomus_gula silver_jenny
family_Sillaginidae sillaginidae
genus_Sillago sillago
ganoine ganoin
order_Ganoidei ganoidei
ganoid_fish ganoid
family_Amiidae amiidae
genus_Amia amia
grindle bowfin
dogfish bowfin
Amia_calva bowfin
family_Polyodontidae polyodontidae
genus_Polyodon polyodon
duckbill paddlefish
Polyodon_spathula paddlefish
genus_Psephurus psephurus
Psephurus_gladis chinese_paddlefish
family_Acipenseridae acipenseridae
genus_Acipenser acipenser
white_sturgeon pacific_sturgeon
Sacramento_sturgeon pacific_sturgeon
Acipenser_transmontanus pacific_sturgeon
hausen beluga
white_sturgeon beluga
Acipenser_huso beluga
family_Lepisosteidae lepisosteidae
genus_Lepisosteus lepisosteus
garfish gar
garpike gar
billfish gar
Lepisosteus_osseus gar
order_Scleroparei scleroparei
suborder_Scorpaenoidea scorpaenoidea
scorpaenoid_fish scorpaenoid
family_Scorpaenidae scorpaenidae
scorpaenid_fish scorpaenid
genus_Scorpaena scorpaena
scorpion_fish scorpionfish
sea_scorpion scorpionfish
Scorpaena_grandicornis plumed_scorpionfish
genus_Pterois pterois
genus_Synanceja synanceja
Synanceja_verrucosa stonefish
genus_Sebastodes sebastodes
Sebastodes_caurinus copper_rockfish
rasher vermillion_rockfish
Sebastodes_miniatus vermillion_rockfish
Sebastodes_ruberrimus red_rockfish
ocean_perch rosefish
Sebastodes_marinus rosefish
family_Cottidae cottidae
genus_Cottus cottus
genus_Hemitripterus hemitripterus
Hemitripterus_americanus sea_raven
genus_Myxocephalus myxocephalus
Myxocephalus_aenaeus grubby
family_Cyclopteridae cyclopteridae
genus_Cyclopterus cyclopterus
Cyclopterus_lumpus lumpfish
family_Liparididae liparididae
Liparidae liparididae
family_Liparidae liparididae
genus_Liparis liparis
seasnail snailfish
sea_snail snailfish
Liparis_liparis snailfish
family_Agonidae agonidae
sea_poacher poacher
sea_poker poacher
genus_Agonus agonus
armed_bullhead pogge
Agonus_cataphractus pogge
genus_Aspidophoroides aspidophoroides
Aspidophoroides_monopterygius alligatorfish
family_Hexagrammidae hexagrammidae
genus_Hexagrammos hexagrammos
Hexagrammos_decagrammus kelp_greenling
genus_Oxylebius oxylebius
convict_fish painted_greenling
convictfish painted_greenling
Oxylebius_pictus painted_greenling
family_Platycephalidae platycephalidae
family_Triglidae triglidae
genus_Triga triga
yellow_gurnard tub_gurnard
Trigla_lucerna tub_gurnard
searobin sea_robin
subfamily_Triglinae triglinae
genus_Prionotus prionotus
Prionotus_carolinus northern_sea_robin
subfamily_Peristediinae peristediinae
genus_Peristedion peristedion
armored_sea_robin armored_searobin
Peristedion_miniatum armored_searobin
family_Dactylopteridae dactylopteridae
genus_Dactylopterus dactylopterus
flying_robin flying_gurnard
butterflyfish flying_gurnard
order_Plectognathi plectognathi
order_Tetraodontiformes plectognathi
plectognath_fish plectognath
family_Balistidae balistidae
genus_Balistes balistes
Bessy_cerca queen_triggerfish
oldwench queen_triggerfish
oldwife queen_triggerfish
Balistes_vetula queen_triggerfish
family_Monocanthidae monocanthidae
genus_Monocanthus monocanthus
leatherfish leatherjacket
family_Ostraciidae ostraciidae
family_Ostraciontidae ostraciidae
trunkfish boxfish
genus_Lactophrys lactophrys
Lactophrys_quadricornis cowfish
family_Tetraodontidae tetraodontidae
pufferfish puffer
blowfish puffer
globefish puffer
family_Diodontidae diodontidae
genus_Diodon diodon
porcupine_fish porcupinefish
Diodon_hystrix porcupinefish
Diodon_holocanthus balloonfish
genus_Chilomycterus chilomycterus
family_Molidae molidae
sunfish ocean_sunfish
mola ocean_sunfish
headfish ocean_sunfish
Mola_lanceolata sharptail_mola
order_Heterosomata heterosomata
order_Pleuronectiformes heterosomata
family_Pleuronectidae pleuronectidae
righteyed_flounder righteye_flounder
genus_Pleuronectes pleuronectes
Pleuronectes_platessa plaice
genus_Platichthys platichthys
Platichthys_flesus european_flatfish
genus_Limanda limanda
Limanda_ferruginea yellowtail_flounder
genus_Pseudopleuronectes pseudopleuronectes
blackback_flounder winter_flounder
lemon_sole winter_flounder
Pseudopleuronectes_americanus winter_flounder
genus_Microstomus microstomus
Microstomus_kitt lemon_sole
genus_Hippoglossoides hippoglossoides
Hippoglossoides_platessoides american_plaice
holibut halibut
genus_Hippoglossus hippoglossus
Hippoglossus_hippoglossus atlantic_halibut
Hippoglossus_stenolepsis pacific_halibut
family_Bothidae bothidae
lefteyed_flounder lefteye_flounder
genus_Paralichthys paralichthys
Paralichthys_lethostigmus southern_flounder
Paralichthys_dentatus summer_flounder
genus_Etropus etropus
gray_flounder grey_flounder
Etropus_rimosus grey_flounder
genus_Citharichthys citharichthys
Citharichthys_cornutus horned_whiff
genus_Scophthalmus scophthalmus
Scophthalmus_aquosus windowpane
Scophthalmus_rhombus brill
genus_Psetta psetta
Psetta_maxima turbot
family_Cynoglossidae cynoglossidae
tongue-fish tonguefish
family_Soleidae soleidae
genus_Solea solea
Solea_solea european_sole
Solea_lascaris lemon_sole
genus_Parophrys parophrys
lemon_sole english_sole
Parophrys_vitulus english_sole
genus_Psettichthys psettichthys
Psettichthys_melanostichus sand_sole
genus_Trinectes trinectes
Trinectes_maculatus hogchoker
somite metamere
derelict abandoned_ship
abatis abattis
butchery abattoir
shambles abattoir
slaughterhouse abattoir
aborticide abortifacient
abortion-inducing_drug abortifacient
mifepristone abortion_pill
RU_486 abortion_pill
abradant abrader
action_painting abstract_expressionism
abstract_art abstractionism
academic_robe academic_gown
judge's_robe academic_gown
Mexican_green acapulco_gold
throttle accelerator
throttle_valve accelerator
particle_accelerator accelerator
atom_smasher accelerator
accelerator_pedal accelerator
gas_pedal accelerator
gas accelerator
throttle accelerator
gun accelerator
approach access
memory_access access
appurtenance accessory
supplement accessory
add-on accessory
accoutrement accessory
accouterment accessory
slip_road access_road
accommodating_IOL accommodating_lens_implant
piano_accordion accordion
squeeze_box accordion
accumulator_register accumulator
Sectral acebutolol
angiotensin-converting_enzyme_inhibitor ace_inhibitor
Datril acetaminophen
Tylenol acetaminophen
Panadol acetaminophen
Phenaphen acetaminophen
Tempra acetaminophen
Anacin_III acetaminophen
acetanilid acetanilide
phenylacetamide acetanilide
phonograph_recording_disk acetate_disk
acetate acetate_rayon
acetphenetidin acetophenetidin
phenacetin acetophenetidin
back_breaker acid
battery-acid acid
dose acid
dot acid
Elvis acid
loony_toons acid
Lucy_in_the_sky_with_diamonds acid
pane acid
superman acid
window_pane acid
Zen acid
sonic_delay_line acoustic_delay_line
acrylic_paint acrylic
action_mechanism action
Zovirax acyclovir
ecstasy adam
XTC adam
go adam
disco_biscuit adam
cristal adam
X adam
hug_drug adam
adaptor adapter
totalizer adding_machine
totaliser adding_machine
add-on addition
improver addition
Addressograph addressing_machine
adjustable_spanner adjustable_wrench
intermixture admixture
adobe_brick adobe
adrenergic_drug adrenergic
adze adz
aeolian_lyre aeolian_harp
wind_harp aeolian_harp
aerosol_container aerosol
aerosol_can aerosol
aerosol_bomb aerosol
spray_can aerosol
after-shave_lotion after-shave
aiglet aglet
aiguilette aglet
aiglet aglet
public_square agora
aigret aigrette
air_station air_base
dive_brake airbrake
air_conditioning air_conditioner
carrier aircraft_carrier
flattop aircraft_carrier
attack_aircraft_carrier aircraft_carrier
inflatable_cushion air_cushion
air_spring air_cushion
hangar airdock
repair_shed airdock
landing_field airfield
flying_field airfield
field airfield
air_cleaner air_filter
aerofoil airfoil
control_surface airfoil
surface airfoil
AFRL air_force_research_laboratory
airgun air_gun
air_rifle air_gun
jackhammer air_hammer
pneumatic_hammer air_hammer
airline_business airline
airway airline
air_hose airline
air_lock airlock
air_duct air_passage
airway air_passage
aeroplane airplane
plane airplane
airscrew airplane_propeller
prop airplane_propeller
airdrome airport
aerodrome airport
drome airport
vacuum_pump air_pump
air_well air_shaft
dirigible airship
flight_strip airstrip
landing_strip airstrip
strip airstrip
airport_terminal air_terminal
air-to-surface_missile air-to-ground_missile
gangway aisle
warning_device alarm
alarm_system alarm
alarm alarm_clock
trans-Alaska_pipeline alaskan_pipeline
Ventolin albuterol
Proventil albuterol
alcohol-in-glass_thermometer alcohol_thermometer
bay alcove
Fosamax alendronate
alidad alidade
alidad alidade
alleyway alley
back_street alley
Zyloprim allopurinol
alms_tray alms_dish
bitter_aloes aloes
alpha-blocker alpha_blocker
alpha-adrenergic_blocker alpha_blocker
alpha-adrenergic_blocking_agent alpha_blocker
Xanax alprazolam
communion_table altar
Lord's_table altar
reredos altarpiece
alto_rilievo alto_relievo
high_relief alto_relievo
aluminium_foil aluminum_foil
tin_foil aluminum_foil
Stars_and_Stripes american_flag
Star-Spangled_Banner american_flag
Old_Glory american_flag
AMEX american_stock_exchange
Curb american_stock_exchange
amidopyrine aminopyrine
Cordarone amiodarone
amitriptyline_hydrochloride amitriptyline
Elavil amitriptyline
Norvasc amlodipine_besylate
ammo ammunition
blue amobarbital_sodium
blue_angel amobarbital_sodium
blue_devil amobarbital_sodium
Amytal amobarbital_sodium
Amoxil amoxicillin
Larotid amoxicillin
Polymox amoxicillin
Trimox amoxicillin
Augmentin amoxicillin
pep_pill amphetamine
upper amphetamine
speed amphetamine
amphetamine_sulphate amphetamine_sulfate
amphibious_aircraft amphibian
amphibious_vehicle amphibian
amphitheatre amphitheater
coliseum amphitheater
amphitheatre amphitheater
Principen ampicillin
Polycillin ampicillin
SK-Ampicillin ampicillin
Inocor amrinone
talisman amulet
anodyne analgesic
painkiller analgesic
pain_pill analgesic
analogue_computer analog_computer
chemical_balance analytical_balance
analyser analyzer
anamorphism anamorphosis
ground_tackle anchor
anchor_rope anchor_chain
riding_light anchor_light
riding_lamp anchor_light
AND_gate and_circuit
firedog andiron
dog andiron
dog-iron andiron
humanoid android
mechanical_man android
wind_gauge anemometer
wind_gage anemometer
aneroid aneroid_barometer
anaesthetic anesthetic
anesthetic_agent anesthetic
anaesthetic_agent anesthetic
angiotonin angiotensin
Hypertensin angiotensin
angle_iron angle_bracket
ankle_bracelet anklet
anklets anklet
bobbysock anklet
bobbysocks anklet
annexe annex
extension annex
wing annex
bandelet annulet
bandelette annulet
bandlet annulet
square_and_rabbet annulet
roundel annulet
aerial antenna
transmitting_aerial antenna
antechamber anteroom
entrance_hall anteroom
hall anteroom
foyer anteroom
lobby anteroom
vestibule anteroom
antiaircraft_gun antiaircraft
flak antiaircraft
flack antiaircraft
pom-pom antiaircraft
ack-ack antiaircraft
ack-ack_gun antiaircraft
antiarrhythmic_drug antiarrhythmic
antiarrhythmic_medication antiarrhythmic
antibacterial_drug antibacterial
bactericide antibacterial
ABM antiballistic_missile
antibiotic_drug antibiotic
anticholinergic_drug anticholinergic
anticoagulant_medication anticoagulant
decoagulant anticoagulant
anticonvulsant_drug anticonvulsant
antiepileptic anticonvulsant
antiepileptic_drug anticonvulsant
antidepressant_drug antidepressant
antidiabetic_drug antidiabetic
antidiarrheal_drug antidiarrheal
antidiuretic_drug antidiuretic
counterpoison antidote
antiemetic_drug antiemetic
antifungal_agent antifungal
fungicide antifungal
antimycotic antifungal
antimycotic_agent antifungal
G_suit anti-g_suit
antihypertensive_drug antihypertensive
anti-inflammatory_drug anti-inflammatory
antimalarial_drug antimalarial
antineoplastic_drug antineoplastic
cancer_drug antineoplastic
antiprotozoal_drug antiprotozoal
febrifuge antipyretic
spasmolytic antispasmodic
antispasmodic_agent antispasmodic
antiviral_agent antiviral
antiviral_drug antiviral
flat apartment
apartment_house apartment_building
bee_house apiary
setup apparatus
wearing_apparel apparel
dress apparel
clothes apparel
contraption appliance
contrivance appliance
convenience appliance
gadget appliance
gizmo appliance
gismo appliance
widget appliance
applier applicator
fitting appointment
communication_trench approach_trench
apsis apse
Aqua-Lung aqualung
scuba aqualung
fish_tank aquarium
marine_museum aquarium
Goa_powder araroba
chrysarobin araroba
arbour arbor
bower arbor
pergola arbor
botanical_garden arboretum
colonnade arcade
archway arch
arc_light arc_lamp
galosh arctic
golosh arctic
rubber arctic
gumshoe arctic
scene_of_action arena
theater_in_the_round arena_theater
argyll argyle
argyll argyle
argyle argyll
Ark_of_the_Covenant ark
branch arm
limb arm
arm_pad arm_guard
armilla armillary_sphere
arm_band armlet
armour armor
armoured_car armored_car
armoured_car armored_car
armoured_personnel_carrier armored_personnel_carrier
APC armored_personnel_carrier
armoured_vehicle armored_vehicle
armour_plate armor_plate
armor_plating armor_plate
plate_armor armor_plate
plate_armour armor_plate
armoury armory
arsenal armory
AHPCRC army_high_performance_computing_research_center
harquebus arquebus
hackbut arquebus
hagbut arquebus
raiment array
regalia array
arrester_hook arrester
armory arsenal
armoury arsenal
armory arsenal
armoury arsenal
fine_art art
gyro_horizon artificial_horizon
flight_indicator artificial_horizon
hemodialyzer artificial_kidney
heavy_weapon artillery
gun artillery
ordnance artillery
atelier artist's_workroom
trash_can ashcan
garbage_can ashcan
wastebin ashcan
ash_bin ashcan
ash-bin ashcan
ashbin ashcan
dustbin ashcan
trash_barrel ashcan
trash_bin ashcan
Ashcan_school ash_can
Elspar asparaginase
aspersorium aspergill
acetylsalicylic_acid aspirin
Bayer aspirin
Empirin aspirin
St._Joseph aspirin
headache_powder aspirin_powder
assault_gun assault_rifle
assagai assegai
astringent_drug astringent
styptic astringent
High_Dam aswan_high_dam
Tenormin atenolol
atheneum athenaeum
sweat_sock athletic_sock
varsity_sock athletic_sock
supporter athletic_supporter
suspensor athletic_supporter
jockstrap athletic_supporter
jock athletic_supporter
telamon atlas
evaporometer atmometer
atomic_bomb atom_bomb
A-bomb atom_bomb
fission_bomb atom_bomb
plutonium_bomb atom_bomb
atomic_reactor atomic_pile
pile atomic_pile
chain_reactor atomic_pile
nuclear_warhead atomic_warhead
thermonuclear_warhead atomic_warhead
nuke atomic_warhead
atomiser atomizer
spray atomizer
sprayer atomizer
nebulizer atomizer
nebuliser atomizer
Lipitor atorvastatin
attache attache_case
bond attachment
garb attire
dress attire
block auction_block
audio_compact_disc audio_cd
sonometer audiometer
sound_system audio_system
audiovisual_aid audiovisual
gimlet auger
screw_auger auger
wimble auger
sterilizer autoclave
steriliser autoclave
autogyro autogiro
gyroplane autogiro
self-loader autoloader
automatic_gun automatic_firearm
automatic_weapon automatic_firearm
automatic automatic_pistol
automatic automatic_rifle
machine_rifle automatic_rifle
automatic_drive automatic_transmission
robot automaton
golem automaton
auto_factory automobile_factory
car_factory automobile_factory
car_horn automobile_horn
motor_horn automobile_horn
horn automobile_horn
hooter automobile_horn
car_part auto_part
automatic_pilot autopilot
robot_pilot autopilot
donkey_boiler auxiliary_boiler
donkey_engine auxiliary_engine
donkey_pump auxiliary_pump
external_storage auxiliary_storage
secondary_storage auxiliary_storage
boulevard avenue
bird_sanctuary aviary
volary aviary
sunshade awning
sunblind awning
axe ax
axe_handle ax_handle
axe_head ax_head
axis_of_rotation axis
Imuran azathioprine
Retrovir zidovudine
ZDV zidovudine
AZT zidovudine
Zithromax azithromycin
Azactam aztreonam
baby's_bed baby_bed
baby_carriage baby_buggy
carriage baby_buggy
perambulator baby_buggy
pram baby_buggy
stroller baby_buggy
go-cart baby_buggy
pushchair baby_buggy
pusher baby_buggy
baby_grand_piano baby_grand
parlor_grand baby_grand
parlor_grand_piano baby_grand
parlour_grand baby_grand
parlour_grand_piano baby_grand
backrest back
basketball_backboard backboard
backdoor back_door
back_entrance back_door
background backdrop
backcloth backdrop
desktop background
screen_background background
mount backing
back_pack backpack
knapsack backpack
packsack backpack
rucksack backpack
haversack backpack
pack_tent backpacking_tent
back_saw backsaw
backspace backspace_key
backspacer backspace_key
computer_backup backup
badminton_racquet badminton_racket
battledore badminton_racket
baffle_board baffle
traveling_bag bag
travelling_bag bag
grip bag
suitcase bag
handbag bag
pocketbook bag
purse bag
fluff bagatelle
frippery bagatelle
frivolity bagatelle
luggage baggage
luggage_van baggage_car
decoy bait
lure bait
bakeshop bakery
bakehouse bakery
balaclava_helmet balaclava
beam balance_beam
balance balance_wheel
baldrick baldric
light_ballast ballast
ballast ballast_resistor
barretter ballast_resistor
needle_bearing ball_bearing
roller_bearing ball_bearing
ball_cock ballcock
tutu ballet_skirt
baseball_field ball_field
diamond ball_field
cardiograph ballistocardiograph
Fugo balloon_bomb
park ballpark
ballpoint_pen ballpoint
ballpen ballpoint
Biro ballpoint
dance_hall ballroom
dance_palace ballroom
bluebonnet balmoral
Kon_Tiki balsa_raft
banding band
stripe band
ring band
patch bandage
bandana bandanna
bandolier bandoleer
band_saw bandsaw
outdoor_stage bandstand
stand bandstand
bauble bangle
gaud bangle
gewgaw bangle
novelty bangle
fallal bangle
trinket bangle
bank_building bank
streamer banner
banister bannister
balustrade bannister
balusters bannister
handrail bannister
banian banyan
baptistry baptismal_font
baptistery baptismal_font
font baptismal_font
barbeque barbecue
barbwire barbed_wire
barbacan barbican
veronal barbital
barbitone barbital
diethylbarbituric_acid barbital
diethylmalonylurea barbital
flatboat barge
hoy barge
lighter barge
flame_stitch bargello
baritone_horn baritone
barque bark
cask barrel
gun_barrel barrel
honky-tonk barrelhouse
blood_knot barrel_knot
grind_organ barrel_organ
hand_organ barrel_organ
hurdy_gurdy barrel_organ
hurdy-gurdy barrel_organ
street_organ barrel_organ
bar barroom
saloon barroom
ginmill barroom
taproom barroom
garden_cart barrow
lawn_cart barrow
wheelbarrow barrow
pedestal base
stand base
bag base
base_of_operations base
lumber baseball_bat
jockey_cap baseball_cap
golf_cap baseball_cap
diamond baseball_diamond
infield baseball_diamond
glove baseball_glove
baseball_mitt baseball_glove
mitt baseball_glove
mopboard baseboard
skirting_board baseboard
cellar basement
staple basic
Roman_basilica basilica
handbasket basket
basketball_hoop basket
hoop basket
low_relief bas_relief
basso_relievo bas_relief
basso_rilievo bas_relief
gran_casa bass_drum
bass_viol bass_fiddle
bull_fiddle bass_fiddle
double_bass bass_fiddle
contrabass bass_fiddle
string_bass bass_fiddle
sousaphone bass_horn
tuba bass_horn
mongrel bastard
basting baste
basting_stitch baste
tacking baste
citadel bastion
bagnio bathhouse
bathing_machine bathhouse
swimming_cap bathing_cap
bath bathroom
bathing_tub bathtub
bath bathtub
tub bathtub
bathometer bathymeter
bathyscaph bathyscaphe
bathyscape bathyscaphe
wand baton
electric_battery battery
stamp_battery battery
batten batting
cage batting_cage
battle-axe battle-ax
crenelation battlement
crenellation battlement
battlewagon battleship
battlesight battle_sight
bow_window bay_window
bazar bazaar
bazar bazaar
BB_shot bb
beachball beach_ball
station_wagon beach_wagon
wagon beach_wagon
estate_car beach_wagon
beach_waggon beach_wagon
station_waggon beach_wagon
waggon beach_wagon
lighthouse beacon
beacon_light beacon
pharos beacon
bead beading
beadwork beading
astragal beading
beadwork beading
string_of_beads beads
beany beanie
checkrein bearing_rein
busby bearskin
shako bearskin
reed_instrument beating-reed_instrument
reed beating-reed_instrument
castor beaver
bed-and-breakfast bed_and_breakfast
bed_clothing bedclothes
bedding bedclothes
bedding bedding_material
litter bedding_material
booby_hatch bedlam
crazy_house bedlam
cuckoo's_nest bedlam
funny_farm bedlam
funny_house bedlam
loony_bin bedlam
madhouse bedlam
nut_house bedlam
nuthouse bedlam
sanatorium bedlam
snake_pit bedlam
sleeping_room bedroom
sleeping_accommodation bedroom
chamber bedroom
bedchamber bedroom
bedsitter bedsitting_room
bedsit bedsitting_room
bedcover bedspread
bed_cover bedspread
bed_covering bedspread
counterpane bedspread
spread bedspread
bedframe bedstead
hive beehive
pager beeper
beer_keg beer_barrel
stein beer_mug
longbeard bellarmine
long-beard bellarmine
greybeard bellarmine
bell-bottoms bellbottom_trousers
bellbottom_pants bellbottom_trousers
bell_cot bell_cote
bell_glass bell_jar
balloon_seat bell_seat
Belmont belmont_park
belt_ammunition belt
belted_ammunition belt
bypass beltway
ring_road beltway
ringway beltway
curve bend
bend_dexter bend
bennie benzedrine
ethyl_aminobenzoate benzocaine
Bermudan_rig bermuda_rig
Bermudian_rig bermuda_rig
Marconi_rig bermuda_rig
Jamaica_shorts bermuda_shorts
bunk berth
built_in_bed berth
beta-blocking_agent beta_blocker
beta-adrenergic_blocker beta_blocker
beta-adrenergic_blocking_agent beta_blocker
induction_accelerator betatron
bevel_square bevel
cant bevel
chamfer bevel
pinion_and_crown_wheel bevel_gear
pinion_and_ring_gear bevel_gear
licorice_stick b-flat_clarinet
bicorne bicorn
bike bicycle
wheel bicycle
cycle bicycle
tandem_bicycle bicycle-built-for-two
tandem bicycle-built-for-two
trouser_clip bicycle_clip
saddle bicycle_seat
BLU-82 big_blue
hell_dust big_h
nose_drops big_h
smack big_h
thunder big_h
skag big_h
scag big_h
two-piece bikini
peak bill
eyeshade bill
visor bill
vizor bill
billhook bill
hoarding billboard
billiard_saloon billiard_room
billiard_parlor billiard_room
billiard_parlour billiard_room
billiard_hall billiard_room
ligature binder
ring-binder binder
reaper_binder binder
book_binding binding
cover binding
back binding
field_glasses binoculars
opera_glasses binoculars
biology_laboratory biology_lab
bio_lab biology_lab
biological_weapon bioweapon
bioarm bioweapon
birch_rod birch
birchbark birchbark_canoe
birch_bark birchbark_canoe
birdfeeder bird_feeder
feeder bird_feeder
buckshot bird_shot
duck_shot bird_shot
berretta biretta
birretta biretta
biteplate bite_plate
electronic_image bitmap
monochrome black_and_white
chalkboard blackboard
pirate_flag black_flag
Jolly_Roger black_flag
blackjack black_flag
cosh blackjack
sap blackjack
black_lotion blackwash
vane blade
dummy blank
blank_shell blank
cover blanket
sport_jacket blazer
sport_coat blazer
sports_jacket blazer
sports_coat blazer
liquidizer blender
liquidiser blender
sausage_balloon blimp
sausage blimp
screen blind
cul_de_sac blind_alley
dead-end_street blind_alley
impasse blind_alley
blind_bend blind_curve
bling_bling bling
flasher blinker
bubble_pack blister_pack
block blockage
closure blockage
occlusion blockage
stop blockage
stoppage blockage
blocking_agent blocker
pants bloomers
drawers bloomers
knickers bloomers
blowpipe blowgun
blowtube blowgun
blow_tube blowgun
torch blowtorch
blowlamp blowtorch
blow_tube blowtube
blowpipe blowtube
gameboard board
boardinghouse boarding_house
council_chamber boardroom
leghorn boater
Panama boater
Panama_hat boater
sailor boater
skimmer boater
straw_hat boater
bosun's_chair boatswain's_chair
bobber bob
cork bob
bobfloat bob
spool bobbin
reel bobbin
hairgrip bobby_pin
grip bobby_pin
bobsleigh bobsled
bob bobsled
bobsleigh bobsled
bocci_ball bocce_ball
boccie_ball bocce_ball
threader bodkin
body_armour body_armor
suit_of_armor body_armor
suit_of_armour body_armor
coat_of_mail body_armor
cataphract body_armor
personnel_pouch body_bag
human_remains_pouch body_bag
bogie bogy
bogey bogy
steam_boiler boiler
BWR boiling_water_reactor
bitt bollard
bullock_block bollock
bolo_knife bolo
bolograph bologram
bolo bolo_tie
bola_tie bolo_tie
bola bolo_tie
long_pillow bolster
deadbolt bolt
bombard bombardon
bomb bomb_calorimeter
cluster_bomblet bomblet
air-raid_shelter bomb_shelter
bombproof bomb_shelter
cupel bone-ash_cup
refractory_pot bone-ash_cup
castanets bones
clappers bones
finger_cymbals bones
bongo_drum bongo
poke_bonnet bonnet
volume book
bookmarker bookmark
bookstore bookshop
bookstall bookshop
microphone_boom boom
throwing_stick boomerang
throw_stick boomerang
booster_dose booster
booster_shot booster
recall_dose booster
booster_rocket booster
booster_unit booster
takeoff_booster booster
takeoff_rocket booster
booster_amplifier booster
booster_station booster
relay_link booster
relay_station booster
relay_transmitter booster
the_boot boot
iron_boot boot
iron_heel boot
bootie bootee
cubicle booth
stall booth
kiosk booth
bore-hole bore
drill_hole bore
borer bore_bit
rock_drill bore_bit
stone_drill bore_bit
feeding_bottle bottle
nursing_bottle bottle
freighter bottom
merchantman bottom
merchant_ship bottom
boule boulle
buhl boulle
H.M.S._Bounty bounty
corsage bouquet
posy bouquet
nosegay bouquet
dress_shop boutique
fore bow
prow bow
stem bow
bowknot bow
string bowed_stringed_instrument
pipe_bowl bowl
bowler bowler_hat
derby_hat bowler_hat
derby bowler_hat
plug_hat bowler_hat
bowline_knot bowline
alley bowling_alley
skittle_alley bowling_alley
bowl bowling_ball
pin bowling_pin
bow-tie bow_tie
bowtie bow_tie
loge box
box_seat box
box_girder box_beam
box_Kodak box_camera
glove boxing_glove
prize_ring boxing_ring
ticket_office box_office
ticket_booth box_office
box_end_wrench box_wrench
bracing brace
bitstock brace
braces brace
orthodontic_braces brace
suspender brace
gallus brace
bangle bracelet
pick-me-up bracer
armguard bracer
wall_bracket bracket
pricker bradawl
gold_braid braid
braiding braid
hydraulic_brake_cylinder brake_cylinder
master_cylinder brake_cylinder
drum brake_drum
shoe brake_shoe
skid brake_shoe
brakes brake_system
spur_track branch_line
spur branch_line
proprietary_drug brand-name_drug
brass_instrument brass
memorial_tablet brass
plaque brass
bra brassiere
bandeau brassiere
knucks brass_knucks
brass_knuckles brass_knucks
knuckles brass_knucks
knuckle_duster brass_knucks
brasier brazier
breadbox bread-bin
bread_board breadboard
breakfast_nook breakfast_area
groin breakwater
groyne breakwater
mole breakwater
bulwark breakwater
seawall breakwater
jetty breakwater
aegis breastplate
egis breastplate
breathalyser breathalyzer
breathing_apparatus breathing_device
breathing_machine breathing_device
ventilator breathing_device
rear_of_barrel breech
rear_of_tube breech
breech_closer breechblock
breechclout breechcloth
loincloth breechcloth
knee_breeches breeches
knee_pants breeches
knickerbockers breeches
knickers breeches
Bren_gun bren
briar_pipe briar
knickknack bric-a-brac
nicknack bric-a-brac
knickknackery bric-a-brac
whatnot bric-a-brac
mason's_trowel brick_trowel
brickfield brickyard
wedding_gown bridal_gown
wedding_dress bridal_gown
span bridge
bridge_deck bridge
nosepiece bridge
bridgework bridge
bridge_circuit bridge
bridle_road bridle_path
Jockey_shorts briefs
hermaphrodite_brig brigantine
rim brim
lip brim
briquet briquette
broadaxe broadax
spreader broadcaster
broadcast_station broadcasting_station
brogue brogan
clodhopper brogan
work_shoe brogan
brokerage brokerage_house
Dimetane brompheniramine_maleate
broach brooch
breastpin brooch
broom_handle broomstick
BAR browning_automatic_rifle
Peacemaker browning_machine_gun
Brown brown_university
bubble-jet_printer bubble_jet_printer
bubblejet bubble_jet_printer
pail bucket
buffer buff
fender buffer
polisher buffer
buffer_storage buffer
buffer_store buffer
Bufferin buffered_aspirin
counter buffet
sideboard buffet
roadster buggy
edifice building
complex building_complex
building_supply_house building_supply_store
alligator_clip bulldog_clip
dozer bulldozer
slug bullet
notice_board bulletin_board
bulletin_board bulletin_board_system
electronic_bulletin_board bulletin_board_system
bbs bulletin_board_system
bullet bullet_train
corrida bullfight
loud_hailer bullhorn
loud-hailer bullhorn
bullnosed_plane bullnose
detention_cell bullpen
detention_centre bullpen
Dodgem bumper_car
sheaf bundle
spile bung
cottage bungalow
bungee_cord bungee
feed_bunk bunk
bunk bunk_bed
sand_trap bunker
trap bunker
dugout bunker
Guided_Bomb_Unit-28 bunker_buster
GBU-28 bunker_buster
bunsen bunsen_burner
etna bunsen_burner
burr bur
buret burette
sepulcher burial_chamber
sepulchre burial_chamber
sepulture burial_chamber
grave_mound burial_mound
barrow burial_mound
tumulus burial_mound
burka burqa
gunny burlap
burnoose burnous
burnouse burnous
machine_pistol burp_gun
autobus bus
coach bus
charabanc bus
double-decker bus
jitney bus
motorbus bus
motorcoach bus
omnibus bus
passenger_vehicle bus
jalopy bus
heap bus
bus busbar
cylindrical_lining bushing
combat_boot buskin
desert_boot buskin
half_boot buskin
top_boot buskin
BuSpar buspirone
bus_depot bus_terminal
bus_station bus_terminal
coach_station bus_terminal
butacaine_sulfate butacaine
butcher_block butcher_board
meat_market butcher_shop
butt_end butt
stub butt
butt butt_joint
button_hole buttonhole
buttressing buttress
butt-weld butt_weld
isobutyl_nitrite butyl_nitrite
robot_bomb buzz_bomb
flying_bomb buzz_bomb
doodlebug buzz_bomb
V-1 buzz_bomb
BVD's bvd
bypass_capacitor bypass_condenser
byproduct by-product
spin-off by-product
bypath byway
byroad byway
hack cab
taxi cab
taxicab cab
cabriolet cab
nightclub cabaret
night_club cabaret
club cabaret
nightspot cabaret
caboose cabin_car
second_class cabin_class
economy_class cabin_class
cruiser cabin_cruiser
pleasure_boat cabin_cruiser
pleasure_craft cabin_cruiser
console cabinet
locker cabinet
storage_locker cabinet
cable_television cable
cable_system cable
cable_television_service cable
line cable
transmission_line cable
car cable_car
funicular cable_railway
funicular_railway cable_railway
memory_cache cache
tea_caddy caddy
coffeehouse cafe
coffee_shop cafe
coffee_bar cafe
kaftan caftan
kaftan caftan
coop cage
pneumatic_caisson caisson
cofferdam caisson
ammunition_chest caisson
bar cake
calabash_pipe calabash
caleche calash
calash_top calash
caleche calash
calcium-channel_blocker calcium_blocker
calculating_machine calculator
cauldron caldron
calliper caliper
calkin calk
call_centre call_center
steam_organ calliope
calpack calpac
kalpac calpac
peace_pipe calumet
pipe_of_peace calumet
cross_of_Calvary calvary_cross
aventail camail
ventail camail
Cambridge cambridge_university
camelhair camel's_hair
photographic_camera camera
optical_lens camera_lens
underbodice camisole
camo camouflage
encampment camp
cantonment camp
bivouac camp
summer_camp camp
refugee_camp camp
belfry campanile
camping_bus camper
motor_home camper
tin can
tin_can can
narrow_boat canal_boat
narrowboat canal_boat
candelabra candelabrum
taper candle
wax_light candle
candle_holder candlestick
cannister canister
tin canister
marijuana cannabis
marihuana cannabis
ganja cannabis
cannon_ball cannonball
round_shot cannonball
tin_opener can_opener
canopic_vase canopic_jar
mobile_canteen canteen
canvass canvas
canvass canvas
canvass canvas
canvas canvas_tent
canvass canvas_tent
capacitance capacitor
condenser capacitor
electrical_condenser capacitor
trapping caparison
housing caparison
mantle cape
capillary_tube capillary
capillary_tubing capillary
chapiter capital
cap capital
Capitol_Building capitol
hooded_cloak capote
hooded_coat capote
copestone capstone
coping_stone capstone
stretcher capstone
Capoten captopril
auto car
automobile car
machine car
motorcar car
railcar car
railway_car car
railroad_car car
elevator_car car
gondola car
karabiner carabiner
snap_ring carabiner
decanter carafe
caravanserai caravansary
khan caravansary
caravan_inn caravansary
automobile_battery car_battery
carbon_copy carbon
carbon_arc carbon_arc_lamp
carburettor carburetor
heart_monitor cardiac_monitor
card_catalog card_index
card_catalogue card_index
electrocardiograph cardiograph
lading cargo
freight cargo
load cargo
loading cargo
payload cargo
shipment cargo
consignment cargo
cargo_deck cargo_area
cargo_hold cargo_area
hold cargo_area
storage_area cargo_area
cargo_vessel cargo_ship
carrousel carousel
merry-go-round carousel
roundabout carousel
whirligig carousel
carrousel carousel
luggage_carousel carousel
luggage_carrousel carousel
claw_hammer carpenter's_hammer
clawhammer carpenter's_hammer
tool_kit carpenter's_kit
rug_beater carpet_beater
rug_pad carpet_pad
underlay carpet_pad
underlayment carpet_pad
sweeper carpet_sweeper
car_port carport
carack carrack
carrell carrel
cubicle carrel
stall carrel
equipage carriage
rig carriage
holdall carryall
tote carryall
tote_bag carryall
automobile_tire car_tire
auto_tire car_tire
rubber_tire car_tire
cartouch cartouche
pickup cartridge
ejector cartridge_ejector
cartridge_remover cartridge_extractor
extractor cartridge_extractor
cartridge_clip cartridge_holder
clip cartridge_holder
magazine cartridge_holder
display_case case
showcase case
vitrine case
pillowcase case
slip case
pillow_slip case
compositor's_case case
typesetter's_case case
casein casein_paint
sheath_knife case_knife
canister case_shot
canister_shot case_shot
money_box cashbox
till cashbox
cash_dispenser cash_machine
automated_teller_machine cash_machine
automatic_teller_machine cash_machine
automated_teller cash_machine
automatic_teller cash_machine
ATM cash_machine
register cash_register
case casing
gambling_casino casino
jewel_casket casket
casquetel casquet
Gregorian_telescope cassegrainian_telescope
casting cast
plaster_cast cast
plaster_bandage cast
castor caster
castor caster
rook castle
cat_cracker catalytic_cracker
arbalest catapult
arbalist catapult
ballista catapult
bricole catapult
mangonel catapult
onager catapult
trebuchet catapult
trebucket catapult
launcher catapult
stop catch
cat caterpillar
gut catgut
bishop's_throne cathedra
duomo cathedral
pinwheel catherine_wheel
CRT cathode-ray_tube
cat cat-o'-nine-tails
ketchup_bottle catsup_bottle
cattle_grid cattle_guard
cattle_boat cattleship
cauterant cautery
slouch_hat cavalier_hat
saber cavalry_sword
sabre cavalry_sword
compact_disc_recordable cd-r
CD-WO cd-r
compact_disc_write-once cd-r
compact_disc_read-only_memory cd-rom
Ultracef cefadroxil
Cefobid cefoperazone
Claforan cefotaxime
Fortaz ceftazidime
Tazicef ceftazidime
Rocephin ceftriaxone
Ceftin cefuroxime
Zinacef cefuroxime
Celebrex celecoxib
electric_cell cell
jail_cell cell
prison_cell cell
cubicle cell
wine_cellar cellar
ward cellblock
violoncello cello
cellular_phone cellular_telephone
cellphone cellular_telephone
cell cellular_telephone
mobile_phone cellular_telephone
Scotch_tape cellulose_tape
Sellotape cellulose_tape
empty_tomb cenotaph
thurible censer
centre center
centre_bit center_bit
centreboard centerboard
drop_keel centerboard
sliding_keel centerboard
centerfield center_field
center center_field
centrepiece centerpiece
telephone_exchange central
exchange central
CPU central_processing_unit
C.P.U. central_processing_unit
central_processor central_processing_unit
processor central_processing_unit
mainframe central_processing_unit
extractor centrifuge
separator centrifuge
Keflex cephalexin
Keflin cephalexin
Keftab cephalexin
Kafocin cephaloglycin
Mefoxin cephalosporin
Baycol cerivastatin
cesspit cesspool
sink cesspool
sump cesspool
tsatske chachka
tshatshke chachka
tchotchke chachka
chadar chador
chaddar chador
chuddar chador
string chain
strand chain
ring_mail chain_mail
mail chain_mail
chain_armor chain_mail
chain_armour chain_mail
ring_armor chain_mail
ring_armour chain_mail
chainsaw chain_saw
chair_lift chairlift
shay chaise
chaise chaise_longue
daybed chaise_longue
goblet chalice
snap_line chalk_line
snapline chalk_line
chalk_pit chalkpit
potty chamberpot
thunder_mug chamberpot
sanctuary chancel
bema chancel
pendant chandelier
pendent chandelier
chamfron chanfron
testiere chanfron
frontstall chanfron
front-stall chanfron
television_channel channel
TV_channel channel
melody_pipe chanter
fraternity_house chapterhouse
frat_house chapterhouse
character-at-a-time_printer character_printer
serial_printer character_printer
fusain charcoal
burster charge
bursting_charge charge
explosive_charge charge
bearing charge
heraldic_bearing charge
armorial_bearing charge
battery_charger charger
good_luck_charm charm
charnel charnel_house
chequer checker
checker_board checkerboard
checkout_counter checkout
left-luggage_office checkroom
cheese_tray cheeseboard
gas_bomb chemical_bomb
sack chemise
shift chemise
shimmy chemise
shift chemise
slip chemise
teddy chemise
chemistry_laboratory chemistry_lab
chem_lab chemistry_lab
chenille_cord chenille
chess_board chessboard
chess_piece chessman
chest chest_of_drawers
bureau chest_of_drawers
dresser chest_of_drawers
chevaux-de-frise cheval-de-frise
coop chicken_coop
hencoop chicken_coop
henhouse chicken_coop
hen_yard chicken_yard
chicken_run chicken_yard
fowl_run chicken_yard
commode chiffonier
bell chime
gong chime
inglenook chimney_corner
china_closet china_cabinet
china chinaware
Great_Wall chinese_wall
Great_Wall_of_China chinese_wall
microchip chip
micro_chip chip
silicon_chip chip
microprocessor_chip chip
poker_chip chip
Leukeran chlorambucil
chloramine-T chloramine
Chloromycetin chloramphenicol
Librium chlordiazepoxide
Libritabs chlordiazepoxide
trichloromethane chloroform
Diuril chlorothiazide
Coricidin chlorpheniramine_maleate
Chlor-Trimeton chlorpheniramine_maleate
Thorazine chlorpromazine
Aureomycin chlortetracycline
Hygroton chlorthalidone
Thalidone chlorthalidone
wedge chock
choke_coil choke
choking_coil choke
ruff choker
ruffle choker
neck_ruff choker
collar choker
dog_collar choker
neckband choker
choky chokey
platform chopine
cutting_board chopping_board
chrisom chrism
sacramental_oil chrism
holy_oil chrism
chukka_boot chukka
Channel_Tunnel chunnel
church_building church
butter_churn churn
slide chute
slideway chute
sloping_trough chute
cigaret cigarette
coffin_nail cigarette
butt cigarette
fag cigarette
cigarette_lighter cigar_lighter
pocket_lighter cigar_lighter
Tagamet cimetidine
girth cinch
clinker_block cinder_block
breeze_block cinder_block
movie_theater cinema
movie_theatre cinema
movie_house cinema
picture_palace cinema
Cipro ciprofloxacin
round circle
dress_circle circle
electrical_circuit circuit
electric_circuit circuit
circuit_card circuit_board
board circuit_board
card circuit_board
plug-in circuit_board
add-in circuit_board
breaker circuit_breaker
compass_plane circular_plane
buzz_saw circular_saw
big_top circus_tent
round_top circus_tent
top circus_tent
water_tank cistern
cithern cittern
cither cittern
citole cittern
gittern cittern
civvies civies
civilian_dress civilian_clothing
civilian_garb civilian_clothing
plain_clothes civilian_clothing
clack clack_valve
clapper_valve clack_valve
clinch clamp
grapple clamshell
tongue clapper
Clark_standard_cell clark_cell
jackknife clasp_knife
schoolroom classroom
Klavier clavier
claymore claymore_mine
dry_cleaners cleaners
cleaning_device cleaning_implement
cleaning_equipment cleaning_implement
white_room clean_room
cleanser cleansing_agent
cleaner cleansing_agent
meat_cleaver cleaver
chopper cleaver
clearstory clerestory
Roman_collar clerical_collar
dog_collar clerical_collar
clench clinch
mercury-in-glass_clinical_thermometer clinical_thermometer
clinker_brick clinker
inclinometer clinometer
clipper_ship clipper
coatroom cloakroom
clock_dial clock_face
Atromid-S clofibrate
geta clog
patten clog
sabot clog
clomiphene_citrate clomiphene
Clomid clomiphene
Catapres clonidine
Plavix clopidogrel_bisulfate
loop closed_circuit
closed-loop_system closed_loop
flat_cap cloth_cap
clothespress clothes_closet
clothes_drier clothes_dryer
laundry_basket clothes_hamper
clothes_basket clothes_hamper
voider clothes_hamper
clothes_pin clothespin
clothes_peg clothespin
coat_tree clothes_tree
coat_stand clothes_tree
article_of_clothing clothing
vesture clothing
wear clothing
wearable clothing
habiliment clothing
haberdashery clothing_store
haberdashery_store clothing_store
mens_store clothing_store
Wilson_cloud_chamber cloud_chamber
clout clout_nail
Clozaril clozapine
lounge_car club_car
club clubhouse
clutch_pedal clutch
clutch clutch_bag
four-in-hand coach
coach-and-four coach
carriage_house coach_house
remise coach_house
coalhole coalbin
coalpit coal_mine
clothes_hanger coat_hanger
dress_hanger coat_hanger
arms coat_of_arms
blazon coat_of_arms
blazonry coat_of_arms
coat_rack coatrack
hatrack coatrack
coax coaxial_cable
coax_cable coaxial_cable
cobblestone cobble
sett cobble
gossamer cobweb
cocain cocaine
Cockcroft-Walton_accelerator cockcroft_and_walton_accelerator
Cockcroft_and_Walton_voltage_multiplier cockcroft_and_walton_accelerator
Cockcroft-Walton_voltage_multiplier cockcroft_and_walton_accelerator
coxcomb cockscomb
sheath cocktail_dress
coffee_grinder coffee_mill
cocktail_table coffee_table
caisson coffer
lacuna coffer
casket coffin
sprocket cog
rack_railway cog_railway
spiral coil
volute coil
whorl coil
helix coil
volute_spring coil_spring
cullender colander
set_chisel cold_chisel
coldcream cold_cream
face_cream cold_cream
vanishing_cream cold_cream
montage collage
neckband collar
shoe_collar collar
collectable collectible
showpiece collector's_item
piece_de_resistance collector's_item
collet_chuck collet
pit colliery
cologne_water cologne
eau_de_cologne cologne
tintometer colorimeter
colours colors
colours colors
colour_television color_television
color_television_system color_television
colour_television_system color_television
color_TV color_television
colour_TV color_television
colour_tube color_tube
color_television_tube color_tube
colour_television_tube color_tube
color_TV_tube color_tube
colour_TV_tube color_tube
colour_wash color_wash
Amphitheatrum_Flavium colosseum
coulter colter
cinerarium columbarium
Columbia columbia_university
pillar column
pillar column
chromatography_column column
pacifier comforter
baby's_dummy comforter
teething_ring comforter
general_headquarters command_post
GHQ command_post
trade_good commodity
good commodity
commodities_exchange commodity_exchange
commodities_market commodity_exchange
common_axe common_ax
Dayton_ax common_ax
Dayton_axe common_ax
communication_equipment communication_system
civic_center community_center
commuter_train commuter
powder_compact compact
compact_car compact
compact_disc compact_disk
CD compact_disk
CD_burner compact-disk_burner
mariner's_compass compass_card
constituent component
element component
tourniquet compression_bandage
computing_machine computer
computing_device computer
data_processor computer
electronic_computer computer
information_processing_system computer
CAT_scanner computerized_axial_tomography_scanner
keypad computer_keyboard
computer_display computer_screen
computing_system computer_system
automatic_data_processing_system computer_system
ADP_system computer_system
ADPS computer_system
stockade concentration_camp
concert_piano concert_grand
cement_mixer concrete_mixer
diffusion_pump condensation_pump
optical_condenser condenser
capacitor_microphone condenser_microphone
rubber condom
safety condom
safe condom
prophylactic condom
condo condominium
cone_friction_clutch cone_clutch
confectionary confectionery
candy_store confectionery
conference_house conference_center
council_table conference_table
council_board conference_table
orthomorphic_projection conformal_projection
congee conge
congress_shoe congress_boot
congress_gaiter congress_boot
conical_projection conic_projection
connexion connection
connector connection
connecter connection
connective connection
hothouse conservatory
indoor_garden conservatory
conservatoire conservatory
console console_table
Old_Ironsides constitution
tangency contact
contact_lens contact
containership container_ship
container_vessel container_ship
relief_map contour_map
contrafagotto contrabassoon
double_bassoon contrabassoon
preventive contraceptive
preventative contraceptive
contraceptive_device contraceptive
prophylactic_device contraceptive
birth_control_device contraceptive
controller control
negative_feedback_circuit control_circuit
command_key control_key
instrument_panel control_panel
control_board control_panel
board control_panel
panel control_panel
meetinghouse conventicle
convex_lens converging_lens
convertor converter
sofa_bed convertible
transport conveyance
conveyor_belt conveyer_belt
conveyer conveyer_belt
conveyor conveyer_belt
transporter conveyer_belt
cooky_jar cookie_jar
baking_tray cookie_sheet
cookware cooking_utensil
ice_chest cooler
tank cooler
cooling cooling_system
engine_cooling_system cooling_system
coonskin coonskin_cap
Cooper_Union_for_the_Advancement_of_Science_and_Art cooper_union
copperplate_engraving copperplate
truss corbel
corbie-step corbel_step
corbiestep corbel_step
crow_step corbel_step
corduroy cord
electric_cord cord
corduroys cords
magnetic_core core
bottle_cork cork
bottle_screw corkscrew
street_corner corner
turning_point corner
quoin corner
nook corner
horn cornet
trumpet cornet
trump cornet
valance cornice
valance_board cornice
pelmet cornice
restorative corrective
wiggle_nail corrugated_fastener
corslet corselet
girdle corset
stays corset
tea_cosy cosy
cozy cosy
tea_cozy cosy
camp_bed cot
cottar cotter
Canton_flannel cotton_flannel
gin cotton_gin
coude_system coude_telescope
wing_flat coulisse
tabulator counter
heel_counter counter
countersink counterbore
countersink_bit counterbore
similitude counterpart
twin counterpart
counterbalance counterweight
counterpoise counterweight
balance counterweight
equalizer counterweight
equaliser counterweight
general_store country_store
trading_post country_store
coupler coupling
row course
courtyard court
courtroom court
cover_version cover
cover_song cover
Conestoga_wagon covered_wagon
Conestoga covered_wagon
prairie_wagon covered_wagon
prairie_schooner covered_wagon
cover_slip cover_glass
cowshed cowbarn
cow_barn cowbarn
cowhouse cowbarn
byre cowbarn
ten-gallon_hat cowboy_hat
cattle_pen cow_pen
corral cow_pen
mother_board cpu_board
crack_cocaine crack
tornado crack
snapper cracker
cracker_bonbon cracker
crackleware crackle
crackle_china crackle
cramp_iron cramp
crampoon crampon
climbing_iron crampon
climber crampon
crampoon crampon
starter crank
starting_handle crank_handle
wax_crayon crayon
ointment cream
emollient cream
creamer cream_pitcher
foundling_hospital creche
credence credenza
crematorium crematory
cremation_chamber crematory
crematorium crematory
crenelle crenel
crape crepe
crew_neckline crew_neck
cot crib
bat cricket_bat
eyelet cringle
loop cringle
grommet cringle
grummet cringle
crocheting crochet
crochet_hook crochet_needle
earthenware_jar crock
dishware crockery
shepherd's_crook crook
crosscut_handsaw crosscut_saw
cutoff_saw crosscut_saw
cross_wire cross_hair
crosswalk crossing
crossover crossing
mizzen_course crossjack
wrecking_bar crowbar
pry crowbar
pry_bar crowbar
diadem crown
crest crown
crownwork crown
jacket crown
jacket_crown crown
cap crown
melting_pot crucible
rood crucifix
rood-tree crucifix
crewet cruet
police_cruiser cruiser
patrol_car cruiser
police_car cruiser
prowl_car cruiser
squad_car cruiser
cruise_liner cruise_ship
watch_crystal crystal
watch_glass crystal
quartz_oscillator crystal_oscillator
cubbyhole cubby
snuggery cubby
snug cubby
pigeonhole cubbyhole
square_block cube
cubeb_cigarette cubeb
ducking_stool cucking_stool
cue_stick cue
pool_cue cue
pool_stick cue
turnup cuff
cul_de_sac cul
dead_end cul
tiller cultivator
loving_cup cup
closet cupboard
curbing curb
kerb curb
curb_bit curb
kerbstone curbstone
curet curette
curiosity curio
oddity curio
oddment curio
peculiarity curio
rarity curio
hair_curler curler
roller curler
crimper curler
pointer cursor
drape curtain
drapery curtain
mantle curtain
pall curtain
customshouse customhouse
custom-built custom-made
gash cut
cutaway_drawing cutaway
cutaway_model cutaway
cutlass cutlas
eating_utensil cutlery
cutlery cutter
cutting_tool cutter
Flexeril cyclobenzaprine
piston_chamber cylinder
cymatium cyma
Periactin cyproheptadine
Terylene dacron
sticker dagger
dairy_farm dairy
podium dais
pulpit dais
rostrum dais
ambo dais
stump dais
soapbox dais
daisy_wheel daisy_print_wheel
dike dam
dyke dam
moistener dampener
damp_course damp-proof_course
muffler damper
piano_damper damper_block
bull's-eye dark_lantern
embroidery_needle darning_needle
dart_board dartboard
Dartmouth dartmouth_college
fascia dashboard
daishiki dashiki
input_device data_input_device
information_system data_system
divan_bed daybed
ledger daybook
day_care_center day_nursery
death_row death_house
death_bell death_knell
decalcomania decal
beach_chair deck_chair
deckle deckle_edge
transit_declinometer declinometer
ornament decoration
ornamentation decoration
Deepfreeze deep-freeze
deep_freezer deep-freeze
freezer deep-freeze
defence_system defense_system
defense defensive_structure
defence defensive_structure
deicer defroster
Rescriptor delavirdine
deli delicatessen
food_shop delicatessen
depiction delineation
limning delineation
line_drawing delineation
delivery_van delivery_truck
panel_truck delivery_truck
Declomycin demeclocycline_hydrochloride
dungaree denim
jean denim
densitometer densimeter
floss dental_floss
burr_drill dentist's_drill
dental_plate denture
plate denture
deodourant deodorant
emporium department_store
depilator depilatory
epilator depilatory
deposit depository
depositary depository
repository depository
depth_bomb depth_charge
depth_gage depth_gauge
pattern design
figure design
guided_missile_destroyer destroyer
single_dwelling detached_house
sensor detector
sensing_element detector
demodulator detector
detention_house detention_home
house_of_detention detention_home
detention_camp detention_home
detonating_device detonator
cap detonator
roundabout_way detour
two deuce
Dewar dewar_flask
Dexedrine dextroamphetamine_sulphate
telephone_dial dial
panel dialog_box
dial_phone dial_telephone
dialysis_machine dialyzer
diapason_stop diapason
nappy diaper
napkin diaper
stop diaphragm
pessary diaphragm
contraceptive_diaphragm diaphragm
Valium diazepam
Hyperstat diazoxide
dibber dibble
ddC dideoxycytosine
DDC dideoxycytosine
zalcitabine dideoxycytosine
ddI dideoxyinosine
DDI dideoxyinosine
didanosine dideoxyinosine
dice die
dice_box dice_cup
dickie dickey
dicky dickey
shirtfront dickey
dickie dickey
dicky dickey
dickey-seat dickey
dickie-seat dickey
dicky-seat dickey
Cataflam diclofenac_potassium
Voltaren diclofenac_sodium
Dynapen dicloxacillin
dicoumarol dicumarol
diesel_engine diesel
diesel_motor diesel
diesel-electric diesel-electric_locomotive
diesel-hydraulic diesel-hydraulic_locomotive
DES diethylstilbesterol
stilbesterol diethylstilbesterol
differential differential_gear
grating diffraction_grating
diffusor diffuser
diffusor diffuser
Dolobid diflunisal
digs diggings
domiciliation diggings
lodgings diggings
pad diggings
digs diggings
digital-to-analog_converter digital-analog_converter
DAT digital_audiotape
alphanumeric_display digital_display
DSL digital_subscriber_line
digitiser digitizer
analog-digital_converter digitizer
analog-to-digital_converter digitizer
Lanoxin digoxin
dilater dilator
Cardizem diltiazem
dime dime_bag
Dramamine dimenhydrinate
dory dinghy
rowboat dinghy
dinkey dinky
diner dining_car
dining_compartment dining_car
buffet_car dining_car
dining-room dining_room
board dining_table
dinner_gown dinner_dress
formal dinner_dress
evening_gown dinner_dress
tux dinner_jacket
tuxedo dinner_jacket
black_tie dinner_jacket
dinner_bucket dinner_pail
dinner_set dinner_service
dinner_theatre dinner_theater
semiconductor_diode diode
junction_rectifier diode
crystal_rectifier diode
rectifying_tube diode
rectifying_valve diode
Benadryl diphenhydramine
phenytoin diphenylhydantoin
Dilantin diphenylhydantoin
dipole_antenna dipole
dual_inline_package_switch dip_switch
discotheque disco
discount_store discount_house
discounter discount_house
wholesale_house discount_house
saucer discus
dish_aerial dish
dish_antenna dish
saucer dish
dishcloth dishrag
dish_towel dishtowel
tea_towel dishtowel
dish_washer dishwasher
dishwashing_machine dishwasher
dishwashing_detergent dishwasher_detergent
dishwashing_liquid dishwasher_detergent
germicide disinfectant
antimicrobic disinfectant
antimicrobial disinfectant
disc disk
disc_brake disk_brake
disc_drive disk_drive
hard_drive disk_drive
Winchester_drive disk_drive
floppy diskette
floppy_disk diskette
disc_harrow disk_harrow
dispatch_box dispatch_case
presentation display
video_display display
display_adaptor display_adapter
display_board display_panel
board display_panel
shop_window display_window
shopwindow display_window
show_window display_window
electric_pig disposal
garbage_disposal disposal
bursting_explosive disrupting_explosive
still distillery
distributer distributor
electrical_distributor distributor
breaker_point distributor_point
point distributor_point
Antabuse disulfiram
long-handled_spade ditch_spade
diuretic diuretic_drug
water_pill diuretic_drug
diwan divan
concave_lens diverging_lens
dual_carriageway divided_highway
dowser divining_rod
dowsing_rod divining_rod
waterfinder divining_rod
water_finder divining_rod
diving_dress diving_suit
paper_cup dixie_cup
dockage dock
docking_facility dock
loading_dock dock
doggy_bag doggie_bag
dog_sled dogsled
dog_sleigh dogsled
doohickey doodad
doojigger doodad
gimmick doodad
gizmo doodad
gismo doodad
gubbins doodad
thingamabob doodad
thingumabob doodad
thingmabob doodad
thingamajig doodad
thingumajig doodad
thingmajig doodad
thingummy doodad
whatchamacallit doodad
whatchamacallum doodad
whatsis doodad
widget doodad
doyley doily
doyly doily
dolly doll
doll's_house dollhouse
doll's_house dollhouse
dolman_jacket dolman
cromlech dolmen
portal_tomb dolmen
martingale dolphin_striker
domed_stadium dome
covered_stadium dome
half_mask domino
eye_mask domino
bell doorbell
buzzer doorbell
doorcase doorframe
doorpost doorjamb
doorhandle doorknob
welcome_mat doormat
doorstep doorsill
threshold doorsill
doorstopper doorstop
door doorway
room_access doorway
threshold doorway
dormer_window dormer
dorm dormitory
residence_hall dormitory
hall dormitory
student_residence dormitory
dormitory_room dormitory
dorm_room dormitory
dosage dose
dosimeter dosemeter
dossel dossal
matrix_printer dot_matrix_printer
dot_printer dot_matrix_printer
double-bitted_axe double-bitted_ax
Western_ax double-bitted_ax
Western_axe double-bitted_ax
double_saucepan double_boiler
double_stitch double_crochet
double-propeller_plane double-prop
twin-prop double-prop
twin-propeller-plane double-prop
double_reed double-reed_instrument
douche_bag douche
columbarium dovecote
columbary dovecote
dovetail_joint dovetail
dowel_pin dowel
joggle dowel
Cardura doxazosin
doxepin_hydrochloride doxepin
Adapin doxepin
Sinequan doxepin
Vibramycin doxycycline
draught draft
rough_drawing draft
drawing_board drafting_board
drawing_table drafting_table
drainpipe drain
waste_pipe drain
draining_board drainboard
lot draw
lift_bridge drawbridge
underdrawers drawers
shorts drawers
boxers drawers
boxershorts drawers
loss_leader drawing_card
leader drawing_card
withdrawing_room drawing_room
drawshave drawknife
drawing_string drawstring
string drawstring
camion dray
dreadnaught dreadnought
frock dress
dress_whites dress_blues
high_hat dress_hat
opera_hat dress_hat
silk_hat dress_hat
stovepipe dress_hat
top_hat dress_hat
topper dress_hat
beaver dress_hat
medical_dressing dressing
robe-de-chambre dressing_gown
lounging_robe dressing_gown
dressing_sacque dressing_sack
aid_station dressing_station
dresser dressing_table
vanity dressing_table
toilet_table dressing_table
evening_shirt dress_shirt
full_dress dress_suit
tailcoat dress_suit
tail_coat dress_suit
tails dress_suit
white_tie dress_suit
white_tie_and_tails dress_suit
heading drift
gallery drift
drill_bit drilling_bit
offshore_rig drilling_platform
drilling_rig drill_rig
oilrig drill_rig
oil_rig drill_rig
water_fountain drinking_fountain
bubbler drinking_fountain
drip_mold drip
drip_mould drip
drip_pan dripping_pan
hoodmold dripstone
hoodmould dripstone
parkway drive
drive_line_system drive_line
tube_well driven_well
number_one_wood driver
drive driveway
private_road driveway
one_iron driving_iron
drogue_chute drogue
drogue_parachute drogue
drone_pipe drone
bourdon drone
pilotless_aircraft drone
radio-controlled_aircraft drone
drop_cloth drop_curtain
drop drop_curtain
drop_hammer drop_forge
drop_press drop_forge
eye_dropper dropper
drosky droshky
drove_chisel drove
highly_active_antiretroviral_therapy drug_cocktail
HAART drug_cocktail
street_drug drug_of_abuse
apothecary's_shop drugstore
chemist's drugstore
chemist's_shop drugstore
pharmacy drugstore
membranophone drum
tympan drum
metal_drum drum
head drumhead
electric_sander drum_sander
sander drum_sander
smoother drum_sander
drydock dry_dock
graving_dock dry_dock
drier dryer
soft_goods drygoods
dry-stone_wall dry_wall
duffle duffel
duffle_bag duffel_bag
duffel duffel_bag
duffle duffel_bag
duffle_coat duffel_coat
dugout dugout_canoe
pirogue dugout_canoe
gravity_bomb dumb_bomb
food_elevator dumbwaiter
dumdum_bullet dumdum
dumper dump_truck
tipper_truck dump_truck
tipper_lorry dump_truck
tip_truck dump_truck
tipper dump_truck
dunce's_cap dunce_cap
fool's_cap dunce_cap
beach_buggy dune_buggy
duplex duplex_apartment
duplex duplex_house
semidetached_house duplex_house
duplication duplicate
copier duplicator
durable_goods durables
consumer_durables durables
vacuum_bag dust_bag
dustrag dustcloth
duster dustcloth
dust_sheet dust_cover
gaberdine duster
gabardine duster
smock duster
dust_coat duster
dust_mop dustmop
dry_mop dustmop
half_door dutch_door
home dwelling
domicile dwelling
abode dwelling
habitation dwelling
dwelling_house dwelling
ergometer dynamometer
earlap earflap
earpiece earphone
headphone earphone
phone earphone
lounge_chair easy_chair
overstuffed_chair easy_chair
ecclesiastical_robe ecclesiastical_attire
image effigy
simulacrum effigy
egg-and-anchor egg-and-dart
egg-and-tongue egg-and-dart
eggwhisk eggbeater
egg_cup eggcup
duvet eiderdown
continental_quilt eiderdown
eight eight-spot
ejector_seat ejection_seat
capsule ejection_seat
electric_automobile electric
electric_car electric
electrical_plant electrical_system
chair electric_chair
death_chair electric_chair
hot_seat electric_chair
gas-discharge_lamp electric-discharge_lamp
blower electric_fan
electric_fire electric_heater
power_meter electric_meter
electronic_organ electric_organ
Hammond_organ electric_organ
organ electric_organ
fridge electric_refrigerator
electrolytic_capacitor electrolytic
electrolytic_condenser electrolytic
electronic_foetal_monitor electronic_fetal_monitor
fetal_monitor electronic_fetal_monitor
foetal_monitor electronic_fetal_monitor
electronic_musical_instrument electronic_instrument
electrostatic_machine electrostatic_generator
Wimshurst_machine electrostatic_generator
Van_de_Graaff_generator electrostatic_generator
elevated_railroad elevated_railway
elevated elevated_railway
el elevated_railway
overhead_railway elevated_railway
lift elevator
extension elongation
fancywork embroidery
ER emergency_room
vomit emetic
vomitive emetic
nauseant emetic
photographic_emulsion emulsion
Vasotec enalapril
Enkaid encainide
pneumoencephalogram encephalogram
remainder end
remnant end
oddment end
output end_product
energiser energizer
Ethrane enflurane
cylinder_block engine_block
block engine_block
engine_room engineering
cor_anglais english_horn
English_cavalry_saddle english_saddle
blowup enlargement
magnification enlargement
entranceway entrance
entryway entrance
entry entrance
entree entrance
trenching_spade entrenching_tool
intrenchment entrenchment
gasbag envelope
epaulette epaulet
epicyclic_gear_train epicyclic_train
equal-area_map_projection equal-area_projection
equaliser equalizer
EPROM erasable_programmable_read-only_memory
Erythrocin erythromycin
E-Mycin erythromycin
Ethril erythromycin
Ilosone erythromycin
Pediamycin erythromycin
moving_staircase escalator
moving_stairway escalator
escarp escarpment
scarp escarpment
protective_embankment escarpment
scutcheon escutcheon
Brevibloc esmolol
oesophagoscope esophagoscope
ProSom estazolam
tamoxifen estrogen_antagonist
etamin etamine
Enbrel etanercept
Edecrin ethacrynic_acid
Placidyl ethchlorvynol
ethoxyethane ether
divinyl_ether ether
vinyl_ether ether
diethyl_ether ether
ethyl_ether ether
Emeside ethosuximide
Zarontin ethosuximide
Lodine etodolac
exercycle exercise_bike
exhaust_system exhaust
exhibition_area exhibition_hall
issue exit
outlet exit
way_out exit
expansive_bit expansion_bit
expectorator expectorant
EDS explosive_detection_system
ETD explosive_trace_detection
exportation export
limited express
freeway expressway
motorway expressway
pike expressway
state_highway expressway
superhighway expressway
throughway expressway
thruway expressway
telephone_extension extension
extension_phone extension
outside_door exterior_door
duplicate extra
eyebath eyecup
eye_cup eyecup
eyehole eyelet
eyewash eye-lotion
collyrium eye-lotion
patch eyepatch
ocular eyepiece
cloth fabric
material fabric
textile fabric
frontage facade
frontal facade
picture_card face_card
court_card face_card
installation facility
cladding facing
veneer facing
facsimile_machine facsimile
fax facsimile
autotype facsimile
mill factory
manufacturing_plant factory
manufactory factory
faggot fagot
faggoting fagoting
faggot_stitch fagot_stitch
sham fake
postiche fake
fall-board fallboard
Pepcid famotidine
masquerade fancy_dress
masquerade_costume fancy_dress
fan-jet fanjet
fanjet_engine fanjet
turbojet fanjet
turbojet_engine fanjet
turbofan fanjet
turbofan_engine fanjet
fan-jet fanjet
turbofan fanjet
turbojet fanjet
butt_pack fanny_pack
green_market farmer's_market
greenmarket farmer's_market
farm-place farmplace
farmstead farmplace
fastening fastener
holdfast fastener
fixing fastener
spigot faucet
featherbed feather_bed
boa feather_boa
felt_hat fedora
homburg fedora
Stetson fedora
trilby fedora
feedback_loop feedback_circuit
felled_seam fell
felly felloe
felt-tipped_pen felt-tip_pen
felt_tip felt-tip_pen
Magic_Marker felt-tip_pen
fencing fence
fencer's_mask fencing_mask
wing fender
buffer fender
cowcatcher fender
pilot fender
fenoprofen_calcium fenoprofen
Nalfon fenoprofen
Sublimaze fentanyl
collet ferrule
ferryboat ferry
fess fesse
festoonery festoon
foetoscope fetoscope
hobble fetter
tarboosh fez
fibre fiber
vulcanized_fiber fiber
fibreboard fiberboard
particle_board fiberboard
fibre_optic_cable fiber_optic_cable
fibre-optic_transmission_system fiber-optic_transmission_system
FOTS fiber-optic_transmission_system
violin_bow fiddlestick
field_gun field_artillery
field_winding field_coil
FET field-effect_transistor
glass field_glass
spyglass field_glass
sports_arena field_house
field-sequential_color_TV field-sequential_color_television
field-sequential_color_television_system field-sequential_color_television
field-sequential_color_TV_system field-sequential_color_television
spare fifth_wheel
fighter_aircraft fighter
attack_aircraft fighter
figure_of_eight figure_eight
figured-fabric_loom figure_loom
statuette figurine
file_cabinet file
filing_cabinet file
filagree filigree
fillagree filigree
stopping fillet
photographic_film film
plastic_film film
viewfinder finder
view_finder finder
fine-toothed_comb fine-tooth_comb
fingerpaint finger_paint
escutcheon finger_plate
scutcheon finger_plate
cot fingerstall
finishing_coat finish_coat
finishing_coat finish_coat
fipple_pipe fipple_flute
recorder fipple_flute
vertical_flute fipple_flute
smoke_alarm fire_alarm
piece firearm
small-arm firearm
cracker firecracker
banger firecracker
fire_truck fire_engine
emergency_exit fire_escape
extinguisher fire_extinguisher
asphyxiator fire_extinguisher
fireman's_axe fireman's_ax
hearth fireplace
open_fireplace fireplace
fire_hydrant fireplug
plug fireplug
fireguard fire_screen
firehouse fire_station
coal_tongs fire_tongs
pyrotechnic firework
gun_chamber firing_chamber
target_range firing_range
first first_gear
low_gear first_gear
low first_gear
fish_bowl fishbowl
goldfish_bowl fishbowl
true_lover's_knot fisherman's_knot
truelove_knot fisherman's_knot
fish_lure fisherman's_lure
piscary fishery
fishing_smack fishing_boat
fishing_vessel fishing_boat
tackle fishing_gear
fishing_tackle fishing_gear
fishing_rig fishing_gear
rig fishing_gear
fishing_pole fishing_rod
fishing_net fishnet
blade_bit fishtail_bit
contour_sheet fitted_sheet
five five-spot
trimmings fixings
flagstone flag
treble_recorder flageolet
shepherd's_pipe flageolet
flagstaff flagpole
rim flange
gabardine flannel
tweed flannel
white flannel
flaps flap
photoflash flash
flash_lamp flash
flashgun flash
flashbulb flash
flash_bulb flash
flashboarding flashboard
torch flashlight
flat_tire flat
straight_arch flat_arch
cylinder_press flatbed_press
flatbed flatcar
flat flatcar
ground flat_coat
primer flat_coat
priming flat_coat
primer_coat flat_coat
priming_coat flat_coat
undercoat flat_coat
FPD flat_panel_display
silver flatware
flat_wash flatwork
Tambocor flecainide
fleur-de-lys fleur-de-lis
flight_of_stairs flight
flight_of_steps flight
landing_deck flight_deck
trainer flight_simulator
firelock flintlock
thong flip-flop
fin flipper
plasterer's_float float
floating_dry_dock floating_dock
marine_mine floating_mine
pontoon_plane floatplane
floodlight flood
flood_lamp flood
photoflood flood
flooring floor
level floor
storey floor
story floor
trading_floor floor
floor_board floorboard
floor_covering floor_cover
dosshouse flophouse
florist_shop florist
flower_store florist
jetsam flotsam
floral_arrangement flower_arrangement
flower_bed flowerbed
bed_of_flowers flowerbed
flue flue_pipe
labial_pipe flue_pipe
fluegelhorn flugelhorn
flue fluke
Rohypnol flunitrazepan
fluorescent_fixture fluorescent
roentgenoscope fluoroscope
fluoxetine_hydrocholoride fluoxetine
Prozac fluoxetine
Sarafem fluoxetine
flurazepam_hydrochloride flurazepam
Dalmane flurazepam
Ansaid flurbiprofen
lavatory flush_toilet
transverse_flute flute
fluting flute
flute_glass flute
champagne_flute flute
Lescol fluvastatin
fly_front fly
fly_floor fly_gallery
flybridge flying_bridge
fly_bridge flying_bridge
monkey_bridge flying_bridge
arc-boutant flying_buttress
watch_chain fob
watch_guard fob
watch_pocket fob
transparency foil
sheepfold fold
sheep_pen fold
sheepcote fold
falderol folderal
frill folderal
gimcrackery folderal
gimcrack folderal
nonsense folderal
trumpery folderal
accordion_door folding_door
foliage foliation
followup follow-up
artificial_additive food_additive
gridiron football_field
overcrossing footbridge
pedestrian_bridge footbridge
footing foothold
locker footlocker
footrest footstool
ottoman footstool
tuffet footstool
footgear footwear
fo'c'sle forecastle
foredge fore_edge
smithy forge
eveningwear formalwear
evening_dress formalwear
evening_clothes formalwear
munition fortification
fort fortress
assembly forum
meeting_place forum
base foundation
fundament foundation
foot foundation
groundwork foundation
substructure foundation
understructure foundation
foundation foundation_garment
metalworks foundry
fount fountain
jet fountain
four four-spot
four-stroke_internal-combustion_engine four-stroke_engine
4WD four-wheel_drive
4WD four-wheel_drive
fox_hole foxhole
antipersonnel_bomb fragmentation_bomb
anti-personnel_bomb fragmentation_bomb
daisy_cutter fragmentation_bomb
framing frame
service_elevator freight_elevator
liner_train freight_liner
rattler freight_train
horn french_horn
French_polish_shellac french_polish
Greek_fret fret
Greek_key fret
key_pattern fret
insulating_tape friction_tape
flounce frill
ruffle frill
furbelow frill
service_road frontage_road
front_entrance front_door
frontal frontlet
frypan frying_pan
skillet frying_pan
FAE fuel-air_explosive
fuel_indicator fuel_gauge
fuel_injection_system fuel_injection
gas_line fuel_line
petrol_line fuel_line
funeral_parlor funeral_home
funeral_parlour funeral_home
funeral_chapel funeral_home
funeral_church funeral_home
funeral-residence funeral_home
refractory furnace_lining
trappings furnishing
piece_of_furniture furniture
article_of_furniture furniture
Lasix furosemide
furring furring_strip
fuze fuse
fusee fuse
fuzee fuse
primer fuse
priming fuse
electrical_fuse fuse
safety_fuse fuse
fuzee fusee
fuzee fusee
fusee fusee_drive
futures_market futures_exchange
forward_market futures_exchange
Neurontin gabapentin
gable_end gable
gable_wall gable
saddle_roof gable_roof
saddleback gable_roof
saddleback_roof gable_roof
gaff-headed_sail gaffsail
fore-and-aft_topsail gaff_topsail
muzzle gag
art_gallery gallery
picture_gallery gallery
ship's_galley galley
caboose galley
cookhouse galley
gallows-tree gallows_tree
gibbet gallows_tree
gallous gallows_tree
gambling_den gambling_house
gambling_hell gambling_house
gaming_house gambling_house
gambrel_roof gambrel
GHB gamma_hydroxybutyrate
brolly gamp
gangboard gangplank
gangway gangplank
gauntry gantry
crack gap
service_department garage
Garand garand_rifle
M-1 garand_rifle
M-1_rifle garand_rifle
dustcart garbage_truck
garboard_plank garboard
garboard_strake garboard
lawn_tool garden_tool
fort garrison
overseas_cap garrison_cap
garotte garrote
garrotte garrote
iron_collar garrote
supporter garter
suspender_belt garter_belt
gas_jet gas_burner
death_chamber gas_chamber
gasometer gas_holder
respirator gasmask
gas_helmet gasmask
gasometer gas_meter
petrol_engine gasoline_engine
gasoline_gage gasoline_gauge
gas_gauge gasoline_gauge
gas_gage gasoline_gauge
petrol_gauge gasoline_gauge
petrol_gage gasoline_gauge
gas_station gasoline_station
filling_station gasoline_station
petrol_station gasoline_station
gasoline_pump gas_pump
petrol_pump gas_pump
island_dispenser gas_pump
gas_stove gas_range
gas_cooker gas_range
gasoline_tank gas_tank
petrol_tank gas_tank
air_thermometer gas_thermometer
rod gat
logic_gate gate
gathering gather
gage gauge
gantlet gauntlet
gantlet gauntlet
metal_glove gauntlet
netting gauze
veiling gauze
gauze_bandage gauze
summerhouse gazebo
gear_wheel gear
geared_wheel gear
cogwheel gear
paraphernalia gear
appurtenance gear
gear_mechanism gear
gear_box gearbox
gear_case gearbox
gear gearing
geartrain gearing
power_train gearing
train gearing
gearstick gearshift
shifter gearshift
gear_lever gearshift
Geiger-Muller_counter geiger_counter
Geiger-Muller_tube geiger_tube
gel gelatin
gelly gelignite
treasure gem
Lopid gemfibrozil
DNA_chip gene_chip
general_anaesthetic general_anesthetic
GP_bomb general-purpose_bomb
Garamycin gentamicin
boom_box ghetto_blaster
gillie ghillie
novelty_shop gift_shop
gilding gilt
girandola girandole
cincture girdle
sash girdle
waistband girdle
waistcloth girdle
drinking_glass glass
glasswork glassware
sailplane glider
Glucotrol glipizide
GPS global_positioning_system
orchestral_bells glockenspiel
lazaretto glory_hole
Doriden glutethimide
DiaBeta glyburide
Micronase glyburide
glyptography glyptic_art
lithoglyptics glyptics
gauffer goffer
gauffer goffer
goffering_iron goffer
gauffering_iron goffer
gold_mine goldmine
gold_mine goldmine
golf_cart golfcart
golf-club golf_club
club golf_club
club_head golf-club_head
club-head golf-club_head
clubhead golf-club_head
links_course golf_course
driving_range golf_range
golliwogg golliwog
gondola gondola_car
tam-tam gong
panel gore
necking gorgerin
calabash gourd
regulator governor
robe gown
surgical_gown gown
scrubs gown
graffiti graffito
Holy_Grail grail
Sangraal grail
acoustic_gramophone gramophone
garner granary
longcase_clock grandfather_clock
grand grand_piano
covered_stand grandstand
granny granny_knot
grape_arbour grape_arbor
grape grapeshot
computer_graphic graphic
grapnel_anchor grapnel
grapple grapnel
grappler grapnel
grappling_hook grapnel
grappling_iron grapnel
grating grate
grating grate
tomb grave
graving_tool graver
pointel graver
pointrel graver
headstone gravestone
tombstone gravestone
gravity_meter gravimeter
photogravure gravure
heliogravure gravure
gravy_holder gravy_boat
sauceboat gravy_boat
boat gravy_boat
gray grey
gun grease-gun
overcoat greatcoat
topcoat greatcoat
jambeau greave
nursery greenhouse
glasshouse greenhouse
gridiron grid
control_grid grid
storage-battery_grid grid
gres-gris grigri
greegree grigri
grille grill
grillwork grill
radiator_grille grille
grill grillroom
emery_wheel grinding_wheel
Fulvicin griseofulvin
foodstuff grocery
grocery grocery_store
food_market grocery_store
market grocery_store
earth ground
first_floor ground_floor
ground_level ground_floor
ground_cloth groundsheet
woodlet grove
orchard grove
plantation grove
thong g-string
Wytensin guanabenz
safety guard
safety_device guard
guidance_device guidance_system
weapons_emplacement gun_emplacement
gun_turret gun_enclosure
turret gun_enclosure
firing_mechanism gunlock
muzzle gun_muzzle
gunny_sack gunnysack
burlap_bag gunnysack
gun-sight gunsight
trigger gun_trigger
gunnel gunwale
gun_rest gunwale
inset gusset
gusset_plate gusset
trough gutter
guy_cable guy
guy_wire guy
guy_rope guy
gym gymnasium
exerciser gymnastic_apparatus
sneaker gym_shoe
tennis_shoe gym_shoe
gyro gyroscope
gyrostabiliser gyrostabilizer
men's_furnishings haberdashery
riding_habit habit
hackney_carriage hackney
hackney_coach hackney
hack_saw hacksaw
metal_saw hacksaw
helve haft
Hagia_Sofia hagia_sophia
Santa_Sophia hagia_sophia
Santa_Sofia hagia_sophia
haick haik
hair haircloth
hair_tonic hairdressing
hair_oil hairdressing
hair_grease hairdressing
false_hair hairpiece
postiche hairpiece
halftone_engraving halftone
photoengraving halftone
hallucinogenic_drug hallucinogen
psychedelic_drug hallucinogen
psychodelic_drug hallucinogen
hall hallway
Haldol haloperidol
hackamore halter
halliard halyard
power_hammer hammer
cock hammer
sack hammock
hand_axe hand_ax
blow_dryer hand_blower
blow_drier hand_blower
hair_dryer hand_blower
hair_drier hand_blower
emergency hand_brake
emergency_brake hand_brake
parking_brake hand_brake
pocket_calculator hand_calculator
pushcart handcart
cart handcart
go-cart handcart
cuff handcuff
handlock handcuff
manacle handcuff
handheld_drill hand_drill
simple_microscope hand_glass
magnifying_glass hand_glass
hand_mirror hand_glass
hand-held_microcomputer hand-held_computer
handcraft handicraft
handiwork handicraft
handwork handicraft
hankie handkerchief
hanky handkerchief
hankey handkerchief
grip handle
handgrip handle
hold handle
hand_line handline
glove_puppet hand_puppet
glove_doll hand_puppet
hand_saw handsaw
carpenter's_saw handsaw
French_telephone handset
rubber_stamp handstamp
face_towel hand_towel
truck hand_truck
hand_wear handwear
wall_hanging hanging
hangman's_halter hangman's_rope
halter hangman's_rope
hemp hangman's_rope
hempen_necktie hangman's_rope
hansom_cab hansom
harbour harbor
hardcover hardback
hard_disk hard_disc
fixed_disk hard_disc
tin_hat hard_hat
safety_hat hard_hat
computer_hardware hardware
ironware hardware
ironmonger hardware_store
ironmonger's_shop hardware_store
hareem harem
seraglio harem
serail harem
mouth_organ harmonica
harp harmonica
mouth_harp harmonica
organ harmonium
reed_organ harmonium
cembalo harpsichord
Harvard harvard_university
reaper harvester
hasheesh hashish
haschisch hashish
hash hashish
chapeau hat
lid hat
hatchback_door hatchback
heckle hatchel
opening hatchway
scuttle hatchway
byrnie hauberk
oasis haven
steel_guitar hawaiian_guitar
hawsehole hawse
hawsepipe hawse
haymow hayloft
mow hayloft
hay_conditioner haymaker
hayrig hayrack
veil head_covering
headgear headdress
coping header
cope header
lintel header
headlamp headlight
kingpin headpin
HQ headquarters
military_headquarters headquarters
central_office headquarters
main_office headquarters
home_office headquarters
home_base headquarters
head_restraint headrest
headpiece headstall
spa health_spa
health_club health_spa
ear_trumpet hearing_aid
deaf-aid hearing_aid
fireside hearth
warmer heater
hot_pad heating_pad
heating_plant heating_system
heating heating_system
heat heating_system
infrared_lamp heat_lamp
basset_oboe heckelphone
heliotype hectograph
hedgerow hedge
bombardon helicon
chopper helicopter
whirlybird helicopter
eggbeater helicopter
haematinic hematinic
haematocrit hematocrit
haemostat hemostat
hemstitching hemstitch
Lipo-Hepin heparin
Liquaemin heparin
diacetylmorphine heroin
herringbone_pattern herringbone
off-axis_reflector herschelian_telescope
hessian hessian_boot
jackboot hessian_boot
Wellington hessian_boot
Wellington_boot hessian_boot
superheterodyne_receiver heterodyne_receiver
superhet heterodyne_receiver
retreat hideaway
high_fidelity_sound_system hi-fi
tallboy highboy
feeding_chair highchair
high high_gear
high_hat high-hat_cymbal
tower_block high-rise
trunk_road highroad
main_road highway
hinderance hindrance
hitch hindrance
preventive hindrance
preventative hindrance
encumbrance hindrance
incumbrance hindrance
interference hindrance
flexible_joint hinge
swinging_post hinging_post
thigh_boot hip_boot
pocket_flask hipflask
hipped_roof hip_roof
hitching_bar hitchrack
hobbyhorse hobby
rocking_horse hobby
keep hold
holding_paddock holding_pen
holding_yard holding_pen
golf_hole hole
holloware hollowware
holograph hologram
sanctum_sanctorum holy_of_holies
Holy_Sepulchre holy_sepulcher
nursing_home home
rest_home home
household_appliance home_appliance
home_base home_plate
home home_plate
plate home_plate
homeroom home_room
home_theatre home_theater
dive honkytonk
bonnet hood
cowl hood
cowling hood
exhaust_hood hood
lens_hood hood
claw hook
narghile hookah
nargileh hookah
sheesha hookah
shisha hookah
chicha hookah
calean hookah
kalian hookah
water_pipe hookah
hubble-bubble hookah
hubbly-bubbly hookah
assemblage hookup
hook_spanner hook_wrench
ring hoop
crinoline hoopskirt
hoosgow hoosegow
wedding_chest hope_chest
hop_field hop_garden
hopper hop-picker
hopsack hopsacking
high_bar horizontal_bar
horizontal_stabiliser horizontal_stabilizer
tailplane horizontal_stabilizer
level horizontal_surface
saddle_horn horn
pibgorn hornpipe
stockhorn hornpipe
gymnastic_horse horse
horse-cart horse_cart
horse-pistol horse_pistol
shoe horseshoe
hosepipe hose
hose hosiery
infirmary hospital
youth_hostel hostel
student_lodging hostel
hostelry hostel
inn hostel
lodge hostel
auberge hostel
casino-hotel hotel-casino
casino-hotel hotel-casino
hotplate hot_plate
hot-rod hot_rod
hotspot hot_spot
hot-water_bag hot-water_bottle
hound's-tooth_check houndstooth_check
dogstooth_check houndstooth_check
dogs-tooth_check houndstooth_check
dog's-tooth_check houndstooth_check
little_hand hour_hand
cardhouse house_of_cards
card-house house_of_cards
cardcastle house_of_cards
housepaint house_paint
lodging housing
living_accommodations housing
hut hovel
hutch hovel
shack hovel
shanty hovel
ground-effect_machine hovercraft
houdah howdah
huaraches huarache
hub-and-spoke_system hub-and-spoke
huckaback huck
veil humeral_veil
Hum-Vee humvee
hunting_watch hunter
hurricane_roof hurricane_deck
promenade_deck hurricane_deck
awning_deck hurricane_deck
hurricane_lantern hurricane_lamp
tornado_lantern hurricane_lamp
storm_lantern hurricane_lamp
storm_lamp hurricane_lamp
army_hut hut
field_hut hut
Apresoline hydralazine
hydraulic_brakes hydraulic_brake
hydraulic_ram hydraulic_pump
hydraulic_transmission_system hydraulic_transmission
Microzide hydrochlorothiazide
Esidrix hydrochlorothiazide
HydroDIURIL hydrochlorothiazide
hydroplane hydrofoil
foil hydrofoil
H-bomb hydrogen_bomb
fusion_bomb hydrogen_bomb
thermonuclear_bomb hydrogen_bomb
gravimeter hydrometer
hydromorphone hydromorphone_hydrochloride
Dilaudid hydromorphone_hydrochloride
Plaquenil hydroxychloroquine
hydroxyzine hydroxyzine_hydrochloride
Atarax hydroxyzine_hydrochloride
Vistaril hydroxyzine_hydrochloride
hypodermic hypodermic_syringe
hypo hypodermic_syringe
isobutylphenyl_propionic_acid ibuprofen
Advil ibuprofen
Motrin ibuprofen
Nuprin ibuprofen
ice_axe ice_ax
piolet ice_ax
ice_yacht iceboat
scooter iceboat
iceboat icebreaker
ice-hockey_rink ice_hockey_rink
ice_bag ice_pack
ice_pick icepick
ice-skating_rink ice_rink
ice ice_rink
ice-wagon ice_wagon
ikon icon
Identikit_picture identikit
idler_pulley idle_pulley
idle_wheel idle_pulley
graven_image idol
god idol
iglu igloo
ignition_system ignition
overlapping imbrication
lapping imbrication
impramine_hydrochloride imipramine
Imavate imipramine
Tofranil imipramine
forgery counterfeit
immunizing_agent immunogen
immunosuppressor immunosuppressant
immunosuppressive_drug immunosuppressant
immunosuppressive immunosuppressant
immune_suppressant_drug immunosuppressant
importation import
I.E.D. improvised_explosive_device
IED improvised_explosive_device
in-tray in-basket
incendiary incendiary_bomb
firebomb incendiary_bomb
dip_circle inclinometer
encrustation incrustation
brooder incubator
Lozal indapamide
Crixivan indinavir
Indocin indomethacin
inductance inductor
inertial_navigation_system inertial_guidance_system
inflator inflater
Remicade infliximab
base infrastructure
substructure infrastructure
metal_bar ingot
block_of_metal ingot
inhalation_anaesthetic inhalation_anesthetic
inhalation_general_anesthetic inhalation_anesthetic
inhalation_general_anaesthetic inhalation_anesthetic
inhalation inhalant
inhalator inhaler
inkpot ink_bottle
inkstand inkwell
inset insert
innersole insole
brainchild inspiration
instrumentation instrumentality
diaglyph intaglio
inlet intake
microcircuit integrated_circuit
planimeter integrator
intercom intercommunication_system
ICBM intercontinental_ballistic_missile
port interface
decor interior_decoration
ignition_interlock interlock
ICE internal-combustion_engine
net internet
cyberspace internet
crossroad intersection
crossway intersection
crossing intersection
carrefour intersection
interstate_highway interstate
IUD intrauterine_device
IVP intravenous_pyelogram
innovation invention
Clioquinol iodochlorhydroxyquin
triiodomethane iodoform
ionization_tube ionization_chamber
Atrovent ipratropium_bromide
iris_diaphragm iris
smoothing_iron iron
branding_iron iron
chains irons
second irregular
Marplan isocarboxazid
INH isoniazid
Nydrazid isoniazid
Isuprel isoproterenol
Isordil isosorbide
Sporanox itraconazole
knave jack
jackstones jack
screw_jack jackscrew
jack_ladder jacob's_ladder
pilot_ladder jacob's_ladder
spillikin jackstraw
Jacquard jacquard_loom
dag jag
jailhouse jail
gaol jail
clink jail
slammer jail
poky jail
pokey jail
jamjar jampot
Jarvik_artificial_heart jarvik_heart
jaunty_car jaunting_car
blue_jean jean
denim jean
landrover jeep
double-magnum jeroboam
T-shirt jersey
tee_shirt jersey
jet_plane jet
jet-propelled_plane jet
gem jewel
precious_stone jewel
jeweled_headdress jewelled_headdress
jewellery jewelry
jews'_harp jew's_harp
mouth_bow jew's_harp
jigger jiggermast
scroll_saw jigsaw
fretsaw jigsaw
jimhickey jimdandy
crackerjack jimdandy
jemmy jimmy
ricksha jinrikisha
rickshaw jinrikisha
jodhpur_breeches jodhpurs
riding_breeches jodhpurs
jodhpur_boot jodhpur
jodhpur_shoe jodhpur
marijuana_cigarette joint
reefer joint
stick joint
spliff joint
JDAM joint_direct_attack_munition
jointer_plane jointer
jointing_plane jointer
long_plane jointer
jolly jolly_boat
jook juke
juke_joint juke
jook_joint juke
juke_house juke
jook_house juke
voodoo juju
hoodoo juju
fetish juju
fetich juju
nickelodeon jukebox
jumbo_jet jumbojet
pinafore jumper
pinny jumper
jumper_lead jumper_cable
lead jumper_cable
booster_cable jumper_cable
skip_rope jump_rope
skipping_rope jump_rope
jumpsuit jump_suit
conjunction junction
barrier_strip junction_barrier
jet k
super_acid k
special_K k
honey_oil k
green k
cat_valium k
super_C k
Caaba kaaba
Kantrex kanamycin
khat kat
qat kat
quat kat
cat kat
Arabian_tea kat
African_tea kat
donjon keep
dungeon keep
souvenir keepsake
token keepsake
relic keepsake
doghouse kennel
dog_house kennel
peaked_cap kepi
service_cap kepi
yachting_cap kepi
ketamine_hydrochloride ketamine
Ketalar ketamine
Orudis ketoprofen
Orudis_KT ketoprofen
Oruvail ketoprofen
Torodal ketorolac
Acular ketorolac_tromethamine
Toradol ketorolac_tromethamine
boiler kettle
kettledrum kettle
tympanum kettle
tympani kettle
timpani kettle
key keystone
headstone keystone
khaddar khadi
pulse_height_analyzer kicksorter
kick_start kick_starter
suede_glove kid_glove
picture_tube kinescope
television_tube kinescope
kingpin kingbolt
swivel_pin kingbolt
outfit kit
kit_bag kitbag
vegetable_garden kitchen_garden
vegetable_patch kitchen_garden
claxon klaxon
knee-hi knee-high
novelty knickknack
cutting_edge knife_edge
horse knight
knitting knit
knitwork knit
knit_stitch knit
plain knit
plain_stitch knit
boss knob
pommel knob
knobkerry knobkerrie
doorknocker knocker
rapper knocker
clone knockoff
hinge_joint knuckle_joint
creese kris
crease kris
crumhorn krummhorn
cromorne krummhorn
kiley kylie
cylix kylix
cymograph kymograph
lager laager
laboratory lab
research_lab lab
research_laboratory lab
science_lab lab
science_laboratory lab
laboratory_bench lab_bench
laboratory_coat lab_coat
labetalol_hydrochloride labetalol
Trandate labetalol
Normodyne labetalol
labour_camp labor_camp
lacing lace
blank lacuna
ladder-back_chair ladder-back
aerial_ladder_truck ladder_truck
powder_room ladies'_room
lagend lagan
ligan lagan
lag_bolt lag_screw
pile_dwelling lake_dwelling
lally_column lally
3TC lamivudine
chimney lamp_chimney
lamphouse lamp_house
lamp_housing lamp_house
lamp_shade lampshade
lance lancet
lancet lancet_arch
landing_place landing
landline land_line
ground-emplaced_mine land_mine
booby_trap land_mine
landscape_painting landscape
lantern_wheel lantern_pinion
laniard lanyard
laniard lanyard
laniard lanyard
overlap lap
lap_covering lap
splice lap_joint
laptop_computer laptop
port larboard
optical_maser laser
LGB laser-guided_bomb
thong lash
contrivance lash-up
lariat lasso
riata lasso
reata lasso
shoemaker's_last last
cobbler's_last last
door_latch latch
lateen_sail lateen
latex latex_paint
rubber-base_paint latex_paint
lathee lathi
latticework lattice
fretwork lattice
tincture_of_opium laudanum
rocket_launcher launcher
launchpad launching_pad
launch_pad launching_pad
launch_area launching_pad
pad launching_pad
Laundromat launderette
wash laundry
washing laundry
washables laundry
laurel_wreath laurel
bay_wreath laurel
lavalier lavaliere
lavalliere lavaliere
lawcourt court
court_of_law court
court_of_justice court
garden_chair lawn_chair
mower lawn_mower
bed layer
lazaret lazaretto
lazarette lazaretto
lazar_house lazaretto
pesthouse lazaretto
pencil_lead lead
leading lead
lead-acid_accumulator lead-acid_battery
sounding_line lead_line
Leaning_Tower_of_Pisa leaning_tower
tether leash
lead leash
imitation_leather leatherette
reading_desk lectern
Arava leflunomide
leftfield left_field
left left_field
leging legging
leg_covering legging
Lego_set lego
Leyden_jar leiden_jar
stinker lemon
circulating_library lending_library
lense lens
lens_system lens
electron_lens lens
lens_cover lens_cap
interocular_lens_implant lens_implant
IOL lens_implant
unitard leotard
body_suit leotard
cat_suit leotard
parcel_bomb letter_bomb
package_bomb letter_bomb
paper_knife letter_opener
paperknife letter_opener
Lorfan levallorphan
spirit_level level
grade_crossing level_crossing
lever_tumbler lever
levis levi's
depository_library library
numberplate license_plate
Xylocaine lidocaine
lifesaver life_buoy
life_belt life_buoy
life_ring life_buoy
life_vest life_jacket
cork_jacket life_jacket
preserver life_preserver
flotation_device life_preserver
Carling_float life_raft
life_support life-support_system
life_support life-support_system
light_source light
lightbulb light_bulb
bulb light_bulb
incandescent_lamp light_bulb
electric_light light_bulb
electric-light_bulb light_bulb
lighting_circuit light_circuit
LED light-emitting_diode
light lighter
igniter lighter
ignitor lighter
diffusing_screen light_filter
exposure_meter light_meter
photometer light_meter
lightning_conductor lightning_rod
electronic_stylus light_pen
semblance likeness
calcium_light limelight
clipper limiter
limo limousine
lynchpin linchpin
Lincocin lincomycin
railway_line line
rail_line line
product_line line
line_of_products line
line_of_merchandise line
business_line line
line_of_business line
linac linear_accelerator
line_block linecut
line_engraving linecut
line_engraving linecut
line_of_defence line_of_defense
line-at-a-time_printer line_printer
ocean_liner liner
lining liner
intimate_apparel lingerie
embrocation liniment
liner lining
linkup link
tie link
tie-in link
data_link link
golf_links links
linoleum_cutter linoleum_knife
Linotype_machine linotype
lipid-lowering_medication lipid-lowering_medicine
statin_drug lipid-lowering_medicine
statin lipid-lowering_medicine
lip_rouge lipstick
LCD liquid_crystal_display
Prinival lisinopril
Zestril lisinopril
lisle_thread lisle
lister_plow lister
lister_plough lister
middlebreaker lister
middle_buster lister
lithograph_machine lithograph
litter_basket litterbin
litter-basket litterbin
little_theatre little_theater
driving_axle live_axle
superload live_load
quarters living_quarters
living-room living_room
sitting_room living_room
front_room living_room
parlor living_room
parlour living_room
loading load
burden load
local_anaesthetic local_anesthetic
local local_anesthetic
topical_anesthetic local_anesthetic
topical_anaesthetic local_anesthetic
LAN local_area_network
heterodyne_oscillator local_oscillator
local_street local_road
ignition_lock lock
lock_chamber lock
safety_nut locknut
lock_ring lockring
lock_washer lockring
engine locomotive
locomotive_engine locomotive
railway_locomotive locomotive
indian_lodge lodge
hunting_lodge lodge
rooming_house lodging_house
attic loft
garret loft
pigeon_loft loft
long_pants long_trousers
union_suit long_underwear
glass looking_glass
observation_tower lookout
lookout_station lookout
observatory lookout
Ativan lorazepam
cross_of_Lorraine lorraine_cross
camion lorry
application lotion
speaker loudspeaker
speaker_unit loudspeaker
loudspeaker_system loudspeaker
speaker_system loudspeaker
waiting_room lounge
waiting_area lounge
smoking_jacket lounging_jacket
lounging_pyjama lounging_pajama
jeweler's_loupe loupe
louvre louver
fin louver
jalousie louvered_window
Louvre_Museum louvre
Mevacor lovastatin
lovers'_knot love_knot
lover's_knot love_knot
true_lovers'_knot love_knot
true_lover's_knot love_knot
loveseat love_seat
tete-a-tete love_seat
vis-a-vis love_seat
lower lower_berth
third_deck lower_deck
Loxitane loxapine
L-P lp
force-feed_lubricating_system lubricating_system
force_feed lubricating_system
pressure-feed_lubricating_system lubricating_system
pressure_feed lubricating_system
automobile_trunk luggage_compartment
trunk luggage_compartment
roof_rack luggage_rack
lug lugsail
lumber_jacket lumberjack
sawmill lumbermill
lunar_module lunar_excursion_module
LEM lunar_excursion_module
fenestella lunette
lungyi lungi
longyi lungi
express_luxury_liner luxury_liner
lichgate lychgate
LSD lysergic_acid_diethylamide
matchet machete
panga machete
simple_machine machine
sewing-machine_stitch machine_stitch
metalworking_vise machinist's_vise
mackintosh macintosh
mac macintosh
mack macintosh
Mackinaw_boat mackinaw
Mackinaw_blanket mackinaw
Mackinaw_coat mackinaw
macintosh mackintosh
air_jacket mae_west
powder_store magazine
powder_magazine magazine
cartridge magazine
core_memory magnetic_core_memory
magnetic_disc magnetic_disk
disk magnetic_disk
disc magnetic_disk
mag_tape magnetic_tape
tape magnetic_tape
magnetoelectric_machine magneto
gaussmeter magnetometer
postbag mailbag
mail_pouch mailbag
mail_boat mailboat
packet mailboat
packet_boat mailboat
letter_box mailbox
tank_suit maillot
second_deck main_deck
mainframe_computer mainframe
high_street main_street
maisonnette maisonette
maisonnette maisonette
maiolica majolica
major_tranquillizer major_tranquilizer
major_tranquilliser major_tranquilizer
antipsychotic_drug major_tranquilizer
antipsychotic_agent major_tranquilizer
antipsychotic major_tranquilizer
neuroleptic_drug major_tranquilizer
neuroleptic_agent major_tranquilizer
neuroleptic major_tranquilizer
make-up makeup
war_paint makeup
filler makeweight
malacca_cane malacca
beetle mallet
hammer mallet
piece man
trough manger
manikin mannequin
mannikin mannequin
manakin mannequin
form mannequin
Osmitrol mannitol
ship_of_the_line man-of-war
manor_house manor
hall manor_hall
mansard_roof mansard
mansion_house mansion
manse mansion
hall mansion
residence mansion
mantelpiece mantel
mantle mantel
mantlepiece mantel
chimneypiece mantel
mantilla mantelet
mantlet mantelet
xylophone marimba
market_place marketplace
mart marketplace
market marketplace
marlinspike marlinespike
marlingspike marlinespike
crepe_marocain marocain
marquise marquee
marqueterie marquetry
five_iron mashie
seven_iron mashie_niblick
musjid masjid
masking masking_piece
masking_paper masking_tape
MIT massachusetts_institute_of_technology
spectrometer mass_spectrometer
mastabah mastaba
master_copy master
original master
chef-d'oeuvre masterpiece
gym_mat mat
matting mat
lucifer match
friction_match match
mate match
tonguing_and_grooving_plane match_plane
equipage materiel
Matthew_Walker_knot matthew_walker
sledge maul
sledgehammer maul
mahlstick maulstick
labyrinth maze
measuring_system measuring_instrument
measuring_device measuring_instrument
measure measuring_stick
measuring_rod measuring_stick
Meccano_set meccano
Pianola mechanical_piano
player_piano mechanical_piano
meclizine_hydrochloride meclizine
Antivert meclizine
meclofenamate_sodium meclofenamate
Meclomen meclofenamate
health_facility medical_building
healthcare_facility medical_building
medication medicine
medicament medicine
medicinal_drug medicine
medicine_cabinet medicine_chest
Ponstel mefenamic_acid
mefloquine_hydrochloride mefloquine
Larium mefloquine
Mephaquine mefloquine
megalithic_structure megalith
Alkeran melphalan
monument memorial
computer_memory memory
storage memory
computer_storage memory
store memory
memory_board memory
storage_device memory_device
zoo menagerie
zoological_garden menagerie
patch mend
darn mend
standing_stone menhir
men's men's_room
psychiatric_hospital mental_hospital
mental_institution mental_hospital
institution mental_hospital
mental_home mental_hospital
insane_asylum mental_hospital
asylum mental_hospital
meperidine_hydrochloride meperidine
Demerol meperidine
Mesantoin mephenytoin
Mebaral mephobarbital
Miltown meprobamate
Equanil meprobamate
Meprin meprobamate
Mercurochrome merbromine
retail_store mercantile_establishment
sales_outlet mercantile_establishment
outlet mercantile_establishment
Purinethol mercaptopurine
Mercator's_projection mercator_projection
ware merchandise
product merchandise
mercury-in-glass_thermometer mercury_thermometer
peyote mescaline
mess_hall mess
monkey_jacket mess_jacket
shell_jacket mess_jacket
Alupent metaproterenol
metrestick meterstick
Glucophage metformin
Mecholyl methacholine
methadone_hydrochloride methadone
methadon methadone
dolophine_hydrochloride methadone
fixer methadone
synthetic_heroin methadone
methamphetamine_hydrochloride methamphetamine
Methedrine methamphetamine
meth methamphetamine
deoxyephedrine methamphetamine
chalk methamphetamine
chicken_feed methamphetamine
crank methamphetamine
glass methamphetamine
ice methamphetamine
shabu methamphetamine
trash methamphetamine
Quaalude methaqualone
Gemonil metharbital
Mandelamine methenamine
Urex methenamine
Robaxin methocarbamol
methotrexate_sodium methotrexate
amethopterin methotrexate
alpha_methyl_dopa methyldopa
Aldomet methyldopa
MDMA methylenedioxymethamphetamine
Ritalin methylphenidate
Lopressor metoprolol
tube metro
underground metro
subway_system metro
subway metro
Flagyl metronidazole
Mexitil mexiletine
mezzanine_floor mezzanine
entresol mezzanine
first_balcony mezzanine
mezzo-rilievo mezzo-relievo
half-relief mezzo-relievo
Monistat miconazole
micrometer_gauge micrometer
micrometer_caliper micrometer
mike microphone
microwave_oven microwave
E-bomb microwave_bomb
Versed midazolam
middy_blouse middy
two_iron midiron
Argyrol mild_silver_protein
post military_post
milkwagon milk_wagon
grinder mill
milling_machinery mill
milling_machine miller
woman's_hat millinery
hat_shop millinery
millrun millrace
mill_wheel millwheel
mimeo mimeograph
mimeograph_machine mimeograph
Roneo mimeograph
Roneograph mimeograph
mincing_machine mincer
toy miniature
illumination miniature
cellaret minibar
motorbike minibike
mini miniskirt
minisubmarine minisub
mink_coat mink
Minocin minocycline
minor_tranquillizer minor_tranquilizer
minor_tranquilliser minor_tranquilizer
antianxiety_drug minor_tranquilizer
anxiolytic minor_tranquilizer
anxiolytic_drug minor_tranquilizer
Loniten minoxidil
Rogaine minoxidil
big_hand minute_hand
myotic_drug miotic_drug
miotic miotic_drug
myotic miotic_drug
stage_setting mise_en_scene
setting mise_en_scene
missile_defence_system missile_defense_system
mitre miter
mitre miter
mitre_box miter_box
mitre_joint miter_joint
miter miter_joint
mitre miter_joint
Mithracin mithramycin
Mutamycin mitomycin
mizen mizzen
mizenmast mizzenmast
mizzen mizzenmast
mizen mizzenmast
fosse moat
manufactured_home mobile_home
mocassin moccasin
simulation model
watered-silk moire
mould mold
cast mold
mould mold
molding mold
moulding mold
modeling mold
clay_sculpture mold
mouldboard moldboard
mouldboard_plough moldboard_plow
moulding molding
border molding
moulding molding
Moban molindone
petrol_bomb molotov_cocktail
gasoline_bomb molotov_cocktail
monitoring_device monitor
monkey_wrench monkey-wrench
MAOI monoamine_oxidase_inhibitor
eyeglass monocle
monofocal_IOL monofocal_lens_implant
ostensorium monstrance
mooring_line mooring
mooring_mast mooring_tower
horseshoe_arch moorish_arch
mortuary morgue
dead_room morgue
cabasset morion
morphia morphine
howitzer mortar
trench_mortar mortar
hawk mortarboard
mortice mortise
mortise-and-tenon_joint mortise_joint
arial_mosaic mosaic
photomosaic mosaic
camphor_ball mothball
muumuu mother_hubbard
motive motif
movie_camera motion-picture_camera
cine-camera motion-picture_camera
movie_film motion-picture_film
cine-film motion-picture_film
powerboat motorboat
bike motorcycle
motor_inn motor_hotel
motor_lodge motor_hotel
tourist_court motor_hotel
court motor_hotel
scooter motor_scooter
automotive_vehicle motor_vehicle
hill mound
hill mound
pitcher's_mound mound
setting mount
all-terrain_bike mountain_bike
off-roader mountain_bike
computer_mouse mouse
hair_mousse mousse
hair_gel mousse
mouse_mat mousepad
embouchure mouthpiece
gumshield mouthpiece
cine_projector movie_projector
film_projector movie_projector
splash_guard mudguard
splash-guard mudguard
mugshot mug_shot
scuff mule
multiengine_plane multiengine_airplane
multifocal_IOL multifocal_lens_implant
step_rocket multistage_rocket
ordnance munition
ordnance_store munition
wall_painting mural
shepherd's_pipe musette
instrument musical_instrument
musical_box music_box
vaudeville_theater music_hall
vaudeville_theatre music_hall
music_rack music_stand
piano_stool music_stool
ball musket_ball
moustache_cup mustache_cup
sinapism mustard_plaster
mydriatic_drug mydriatic
Relafen nabumetone
Corgard nadolol
Nafcil nafcillin
nail_enamel nail_polish
nail_varnish nail_polish
NegGram nalidixic_acid
Nalline nalorphine
Narcan naloxone
NAND_gate nand_circuit
Privine naphazoline
Sudafed naphazoline
Napier's_rods napier's_bones
table_napkin napkin
serviette napkin
Naprosyn naproxen
Aleve naproxen_sodium
Anaprox naproxen_sodium
Aflaxen naproxen_sodium
spikenard nard
narrow-body_aircraft narrowbody_aircraft
narrow-body narrowbody_aircraft
NASDAQ national_association_of_securities_dealers_automated_quotations
United_States_National_Library_of_Medicine national_library_of_medicine
U.S._National_Library_of_Medicine national_library_of_medicine
naumachia naumachy
nuclear_submarine nautilus
nuclear-powered_submarine nautilus
navigational_chart naval_chart
pilot_chart naval_chart
shore_station naval_installation
NRL naval_research_laboratory
naval_shipyard navy_yard
neck_opening neck
stock neckcloth
tie necktie
needlepoint_embroidery needlepoint
needlecraft needlework
Serzone nefazodone
negative_pole negative_magnetic_pole
south-seeking_pole negative_magnetic_pole
neglige negligee
peignoir negligee
wrapper negligee
housecoat negligee
Viracept nelfinavir
fradicin neomycin
Neobiotic neomycin
neon_induction_lamp neon_lamp
neon_tube neon_lamp
Prostigmin neostigmine
network net
mesh net
meshing net
meshwork net
electronic_network network
Viramune nevirapine
newel newel_post
paper newspaper
Newtonian_reflector newtonian_telescope
N._Y._Stock_Exchange new_york_stock_exchange
NYSE new_york_stock_exchange
big_board new_york_stock_exchange
pen_nib nib
nine_iron niblick
nickel-cadmium_accumulator nicad
nickel-iron_accumulator nickel-iron_battery
Procardia nifedipine
gown nightgown
nightie nightgown
night-robe nightgown
nightdress nightgown
sleepwear nightwear
nightclothes nightwear
skittle ninepin
skittle_pin ninepin
skittle_ball ninepin_ball
nine nine-spot
Quonset_hut nissen_hut
Macrodantin nitrofurantoin
Nitrostat nitrospan
laughing_gas nitrous_oxide
client node
guest node
nomograph nomogram
nonsmoking_car nonsmoker
NNRTI non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor
nonsteroidal_anti-inflammatory_drug nonsteroidal_anti-inflammatory
NSAID nonsteroidal_anti-inflammatory
nontricyclic_drug nontricyclic
nontricyclic_antidepressant nontricyclic
nontricyclic_antidepressant_drug nontricyclic
nonvolatile_storage non-volatile_storage
running_noose noose
slip_noose noose
Pamelor nortriptyline
feedbag nosebag
nosepiece noseband
ogive nose_cone
notebook_computer notebook
nose nozzle
reactor nuclear_reactor
atomic_weapon nuclear_weapon
NRTI nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor
nude_painting nude
nude_sculpture nude
nude_statue nude
numdah_rug numdah
nammad numdah
baby's_room nursery
nylon_stocking nylons
rayons nylons
rayon_stocking nylons
silk_stocking nylons
Mycostatin nystatin
Nystan nystatin
objective_lens objective
object_lens objective
object_glass objective
art_object objet_d'art
piece objet_d'art
hautboy oboe
hautbois oboe
obstructor obstruction
obstructer obstruction
impediment obstruction
impedimenta obstruction
sweet_potato ocarina
hodometer odometer
mileometer odometer
milometer odometer
work oeuvre
body_of_work oeuvre
business_office office
office_block office_building
auxiliary_equipment off-line_equipment
cyma_reversa ogee
keel_arch ogee_arch
oil_color oil
oil_colour oil
oil_furnace oil_burner
petroleum_future oil_future
oilstove oil_heater
kerosene_heater oil_heater
kerosine_heater oil_heater
kerosene_lamp oil_lamp
kerosine_lamp oil_lamp
petroleum_refinery oil_refinery
slicker oilskin
oiler oil_tanker
tanker oil_tanker
tank_ship oil_tanker
oiler oil_well
unction ointment
unguent ointment
balm ointment
salve ointment
olive-drab_uniform olive_drab
omelette_pan omelet_pan
nondirectional_antenna omnidirectional_antenna
omnidirectional_range omnirange
omnidirectional_radio_range omnirange
open-air_marketplace open-air_market
market_square open-air_market
tappet_wrench open-end_wrench
rabbet_plane openside_plane
opera_house opera
opera_hood opera_cloak
OR operating_room
operating_theater operating_room
operating_theatre operating_room
surgery operating_room
optical_disc optical_disk
glass_fiber optical_fiber
optical_fibre optical_fiber
glass_fibre optical_fiber
pyroscope optical_pyrometer
pit orchestra_pit
OR_gate or_circuit
ordinary_bicycle ordinary
pipe_organ organ
organdie organdy
OLED organic_light-emitting_diode
pipe organ_pipe
pipework organ_pipe
oriel_window oriel
orlop orlop_deck
fourth_deck orlop_deck
orphans'_asylum orphanage
Norflex orphenadrine
image_orthicon orthicon
ornithopter orthopter
scope oscilloscope
cathode-ray_oscilloscope oscilloscope
CRO oscilloscope
auriscope otoscope
auroscope otoscope
pouf ottoman
pouffe ottoman
puff ottoman
hassock ottoman
Ouija_board ouija
out-tray out-basket
outboard outboard_motor
outboard outboard_motorboat
overclothes outerwear
getup outfit
rig outfit
turnout outfit
privy outhouse
earth-closet outhouse
jakes outhouse
outturn output
turnout output
self-taught_art outsider_art
vernacular_art outsider_art
naive_art outsider_art
primitive_art outsider_art
boilersuit overall
boilers_suit overall
overcasting overcast
overcoating overcoat
outer_garment overgarment
overburden overload
overnight_bag overnighter
overnight_case overnighter
flyover overpass
surprint overprint
over-the-counter_medicine over-the-counter_drug
OTC_market over-the-counter_market
thumb ovolo
quarter_round ovolo
Daypro oxaprozin
Serax oxazepam
Oxford oxford_university
Tandearil oxyphenbutazone
Daricon oxyphencyclimine
hydroxytetracycline oxytetracycline
oxytetracycline_hydrochloride oxytetracycline
Terramycin oxytetracycline
oxytocic_drug oxytocic
oyster_bank oyster_bed
oyster_park oyster_bed
artificial_pacemaker pacemaker
face_pack pack
parcel package
liquor_store package_store
off-licence package_store
packing_case packing_box
packing_plant packinghouse
inkpad pad
inking_pad pad
stamp_pad pad
cushioning padding
boat_paddle paddle
paddle-box paddle_box
paddle-wheeler paddle_steamer
paddle_wheel paddlewheel
page-at-a-time_printer page_printer
palliasse paillasse
pigment paint
picture painting
pyjama pajama
pj's pajama
jammies pajama
pyjama pajama
castle palace
palankeen palanquin
palaestra palestra
pallet palette
shroud pall
cerement pall
winding-sheet pall
winding-clothes pall
palette pallette
alleviant palliative
alleviator palliative
cooking_pan pan
nostrum panacea
catholicon panacea
cure-all panacea
panetela panatela
panetella panatela
pane_of_glass pane
window_glass pane
panelling paneling
pane paneling
cyclorama panorama
diorama panorama
pandean_pipe panpipe
syrinx panpipe
panty pantie
scanty pantie
step-in pantie
trousering panting
trouser_leg pant_leg
larder pantry
buttery pantry
pantsuit pants_suit
Kavrin papaverine
paper-back_book paperback_book
paperback paperback_book
softback_book paperback_book
softback paperback_book
soft-cover_book paperback_book
soft-cover paperback_book
paperclip paper_clip
gem_clip paper_clip
paraboloid_reflector parabolic_reflector
chute parachute
bars parallel_bars
shunt_circuit parallel_circuit
parallel_port parallel_interface
breastwork parapet
sunshade parasol
camphorated_tincture_of_opium paregoric
paring_knife parer
pargetting pargeting
pargetry pargeting
totalizer pari-mutuel_machine
totaliser pari-mutuel_machine
totalizator pari-mutuel_machine
totalisator pari-mutuel_machine
University_of_Paris paris_university
Sorbonne paris_university
windbreaker parka
windcheater parka
anorak parka
parlour parlor
parlour_car parlor_car
drawing-room_car parlor_car
palace_car parlor_car
chair_car parlor_car
Paxil paroxetime
parquet_floor parquet
parterre parquet_circle
parqueterie parquetry
vicarage parsonage
rectory parsonage
portion part
partizan partisan
divider partition
party_favour party_favor
favor party_favor
favour party_favor
coach passenger_car
carriage passenger_car
passe-partout passkey
master_key passkey
master passkey
patchouly patchouli
pachouli patchouli
patchwork_quilt patchwork
screw_log patent_log
taffrail_log patent_log
footpath pathway
terrace patio
patrol_ship patrol_boat
paving pavement
marquee pavilion
paviour pavior
paving_machine pavior
pavise pavis
detent pawl
click pawl
dog pawl
pawnshop pawnbroker's_shop
loan_office pawnbroker's_shop
pay-station pay-phone
peacoat pea_jacket
peavy peavey
cant_dog peavey
dog_hook peavey
pectoral_medallion pectoral
treadle pedal
foot_pedal pedal
foot_lever pedal
toreador_pants pedal_pusher
plinth pedestal
footstall pedestal
zebra_crossing pedestrian_crossing
cycle_rickshaw pedicab
spyhole peephole
eyehole peephole
nog peg
pin peg
thole peg
tholepin peg
rowlock peg
oarlock peg
wooden_leg peg
leg peg
pegleg peg
penal_facility penal_institution
pencil_case pencil_box
pendent pendant
drop_earring pendant_earring
eardrop pendant_earring
Cuprimine penicillamine
benzylpenicillin penicillin_g
phenoxymethyl_penicillin penicillin_v
Ledercillin_VK penicillin_v_potassium
pen penitentiary
pennon pennant
streamer pennant
waft pennant
penoncel pennoncel
pennoncelle pennoncel
tin_whistle pennywhistle
whistle pennywhistle
Peritrate pentaerythritol
Talwin pentazocine
pentobarbital pentobarbital_sodium
Nembutal pentobarbital_sodium
yellow_jacket pentobarbital_sodium
Trental pentoxifylline
pentamethylenetetrazol pentylenetetrazol
Metrazol pentylenetetrazol
peplus peplos
peplum peplos
pepper_grinder pepper_mill
pepper_box pepper_shaker
pepper_pot pepper_shaker
percussive_instrument percussion_instrument
essence perfume
computer_peripheral peripheral
peripheral_device peripheral
peruke periwig
static_magnet permanent_magnet
durable_press permanent_press
Triavil perphenazine
PC personal_computer
microcomputer personal_computer
PDA personal_digital_assistant
personal_organizer personal_digital_assistant
personal_organiser personal_digital_assistant
organizer personal_digital_assistant
organiser personal_digital_assistant
muller pestle
pounder pestle
tent_stitch petit_point
half-slip petticoat
underskirt petticoat
church_bench pew
pharmaceutic pharmaceutical
Pyridium phenazopyridine
phencyclidine_hydrochloride phencyclidine
PCP phencyclidine
angel_dust phencyclidine
Nardil phenelzine
Milontin phensuximide
Vasomax phentolamine
Butazolidin phenylbutazone
vial phial
ampule phial
ampul phial
ampoule phial
record_album phonograph_album
needle phonograph_needle
phonograph_recording phonograph_record
record phonograph_record
disk phonograph_record
disc phonograph_record
platter phonograph_record
photoconductive_cell photoelectric_cell
photocell photoelectric_cell
electric_eye photoelectric_cell
magic_eye photoelectric_cell
photo photograph
exposure photograph
picture photograph
pic photograph
photographic_material photographic_paper
print photographic_print
Photostat_machine photostat
compound_pendulum physical_pendulum
physics_laboratory physics_lab
pianoforte piano
forte-piano piano
fingerboard piano_keyboard
clavier piano_keyboard
pickax pick
pickaxe pick
plectrum pick
plectron pick
pale picket
paling picket_fence
pickup_truck pickup
pick-me-up pickup
image picture
icon picture
ikon picture
piece_of_material piece_of_cloth
wharf pier
wharfage pier
dock pier
pier_mirror pier_glass
pig pig_bed
pig_farm piggery
penny_bank piggy_bank
nap pile
spile pile
piling pile
stilt pile
lozenge pill
tablet pill
tab pill
birth_control_pill pill
contraceptive_pill pill
oral_contraceptive_pill pill
oral_contraceptive pill
anovulatory_drug pill
anovulant pill
toque pillbox
turban pillbox
bobbin_lace pillow_lace
pilot_light pilot_burner
pilot pilot_burner
wheelhouse pilothouse
pilot_lamp pilot_light
indicator_lamp pilot_light
flag pin
pin_tumbler pin
pin_table pinball_machine
pair_of_pincers pincer
tweezer pincer
pair_of_tweezers pincer
Visken pindolol
pinwheel_wind_collector pinwheel
pipage pipe
piping pipe
tobacco_pipe pipe
pipe_fitting pipefitting
line pipeline
Pipracil piperacillin
piperocaine_hydrochloride piperocaine
Metycaine piperocaine
pipette pipet
pipe_clamp pipe_vise
tube_wrench pipe_wrench
pirate_ship pirate
Feldene piroxicam
handgun pistol
side_arm pistol
shooting_iron pistol
plunger piston
quarry pit
stone_pit pit
pitfall pit
ewer pitcher
pith_helmet pith_hat
sun_helmet pith_hat
topee pith_hat
topi pith_hat
Pitot_head pitot-static_tube
Pitot_tube pitot-static_tube
Pitot pitot_tube
sprag pitprop
pin pivot
pel pixel
picture_element pixel
pizza_shop pizzeria
pizza_parlor pizzeria
business_establishment place_of_business
house_of_prayer place_of_worship
house_of_God place_of_worship
house_of_worship place_of_worship
setting place_setting
taffeta_weave plain_weave
architectural_plan plan
coin_blank planchet
carpenter's_plane plane
woodworking_plane plane
planer plane
planing_machine plane
epicyclic_gear planetary_gear
planet_wheel planetary_gear
planet_gear planetary_gear
works plant
industrial_plant plant
adhesive_plaster plaster
sticking_plaster plaster
plasterwork plaster
gypsum_board plasterboard
plastique plastic_explosive
scale plate
shell plate
collection_plate plate
photographic_plate plate
sheet_glass plate_glass
weapons_platform platform
metal_plating plating
play-box playbox
wendy_house playhouse
pen playpen
toy plaything
mall plaza
center plaza
shopping_mall plaza
shopping_center plaza
shopping_centre plaza
plait pleat
plessimeter pleximeter
plessor plexor
percussor plexor
pair_of_pliers pliers
plyers pliers
plough plow
ploughshare plowshare
share plowshare
stopper plug
stopple plug
male_plug plug
plumb plumb_bob
plummet plumb_bob
auger plumber's_snake
plumbing_system plumbing
perpendicular plumb_line
plumber's_helper plunger
plutonium_pit plutonium_trigger
plyboard plywood
pneumatic_tyre pneumatic_tire
Pneumovax pneumococcal_vaccine
pocket_book pocketbook
pocket_edition pocketbook
pocket_comb pocketcomb
pocket_knife pocketknife
fuel_pod pod
power_point point
gunpoint point
needlepoint point_lace
stove_poker poker
fire_hook poker
salamander poker
polariscope polarimeter
Polaroid_Land_camera polaroid_camera
magnetic_pole pole
poleaxe poleax
poleaxe poleax
police_headquarters police_station
station_house police_station
police_wagon police_van
paddy_wagon police_van
patrol_wagon police_van
wagon police_van
black_Maria police_van
polo_stick polo_mallet
sport_shirt polo_shirt
Acrilan polypropenonitrile
pomatum pomade
saddlebow pommel
side_horse pommel_horse
pom-pom pompon
bodkin poniard
bateau_bridge pontoon_bridge
floating_bridge pontoon_bridge
ponycart pony_cart
donkey_cart pony_cart
tub-cart pony_cart
billiard_table pool_table
snooker_table pool_table
alms_box poor_box
mite_box poor_box
soda_bottle pop_bottle
poppet_valve poppet
porkpie_hat porkpie
embrasure port
porthole port
portable_saw portable_circular_saw
Gladstone portmanteau
Gladstone_bag portmanteau
portrayal portrait
positive_magnetic_pole positive_pole
north-seeking_pole positive_pole
PET_scanner positron_emission_tomography_scanner
mailbox postbox
letter_box postbox
PX post_exchange
post_hole posthole
post-hole_digger posthole_digger
post_house posthouse
PO_Box post-office_box
POB post-office_box
call_box post-office_box
letter_box post-office_box
grass pot
green_goddess pot
dope pot
weed pot
gage pot
sess pot
sens pot
smoke pot
skunk pot
locoweed pot
Mary_Jane pot
flowerpot pot
potbelly_stove potbelly
voltage_divider potential_divider
pot potentiometer
clayware pottery
potty_chair potty_seat
cataplasm poultice
plaster poultice
dog_pound pound
dry_mustard powdered_mustard
powder_flask powder_horn
puff powderpuff
power_cable power_line
motor_mower power_mower
saw power_saw
sawing_machine power_saw
excavator power_shovel
digger power_shovel
shovel power_shovel
power_plant power_station
powerhouse power_station
power-assisted_steering power_steering
power_grid power_system
grid power_system
PTO power_takeoff
pretorium praetorium
Pravachol pravastatin
prayer_mat prayer_rug
tallith prayer_shawl
tallis prayer_shawl
Minipress prazosin
electrostatic_precipitator precipitator
Cottrell_precipitator precipitator
prescription prescription_drug
prescription_medicine prescription_drug
ethical_drug prescription_drug
mechanical_press press
printing_press press
press_of_canvas press_of_sail
pressure_gage pressure_gauge
PWR pressurized_water_reactor
preventative preventive
prophylactic preventive
primary_winding primary_coil
primary primary_coil
Mysoline primidone
Primus primus_stove
Princeton princeton_university
printing_machine printer
printing_shop print_shop
optical_prism prism
prison_house prison
internment_camp prison_camp
prisoner_of_war_camp prison_camp
POW_camp prison_camp
Ethocaine procaine
novocaine procaine_hydrochloride
Novocain procaine_hydrochloride
Kemadrin procyclidine
goad prod
production product
assembly_line production_line
line production_line
missile projectile
sailor's_breastplate prolonge_knot
mall promenade
Phenergan promethazine
prompter's_box prompt_box
autocue prompter
Inderal propanolol
impulse_explosive propellant_explosive
propellor propeller
prop property
turboprop propjet
turbo-propeller_plane propjet
proportional_counter proportional_counter_tube
propoxyphene_hydrochloride propoxyphene
Darvon propoxyphene
proscenium_wall proscenium
apron proscenium
forestage proscenium
prosthetic_device prosthesis
PI protease_inhibitor
protective_cover protective_covering
protection protective_covering
proteosome proteosome_vaccine
pruning_hook pruner
lopper pruner
psilocin psilocybin
mind-altering_drug psychoactive_drug
consciousness-altering_drug psychoactive_drug
psychoactive_substance psychoactive_drug
mosquito_boat pt_boat
mosquito_craft pt_boat
motor_torpedo_boat pt_boat
P.A._system public_address_system
PA_system public_address_system
P.A. public_address_system
PA public_address_system
pub public_house
saloon public_house
pothouse public_house
gin_mill public_house
taphouse public_house
comfort_station public_toilet
public_convenience public_toilet
convenience public_toilet
public_lavatory public_toilet
restroom public_toilet
toilet_facility public_toilet
wash_room public_toilet
hockey_puck puck
tieback pullback
pulley-block pulley
pulley_block pulley
block pulley
pull-up pull-in
rest_area pull-off
rest_stop pull-off
layby pull-off
lay-by pull-off
Pullman_car pullman
slipover pullover
slide_action pump_action
pumping_station pump_house
puncher punch
punch_card punched_card
Hollerith_card punched_card
punch_bag punching_bag
punching_ball punching_bag
punchball punching_bag
marionette puppet
shelter_tent pup_tent
cathartic purgative
physic purgative
aperient purgative
purl_stitch purl
push push_button
button push_button
push-down_store push-down_storage
stack push-down_storage
zori pusher
putting_iron putter
power_pylon pylon
Great_Pyramid pyramid
Pyramids_of_Egypt pyramid
pix pyx
pix pyx
pyx_chest pyx
pix_chest pyx
quadrangle quad
space quad
quadraphonic_system quadraphony
quadriphonic_system quadraphony
quartz_mill quartz_battery
quill_pen quill
comforter quilt
comfort quilt
puff quilt
quinacrine_hydrochloride quinacrine
mepacrine quinacrine
Atabrine quinacrine
Quinidex quinidine
Quinora quinidine
bead_and_quirk quirk_bead
quirk_moulding quirk_molding
coign quoin
coigne quoin
coign quoin
coigne quoin
Mexican_valium r-2
rophy r-2
rope r-2
roofy r-2
roach r-2
forget_me_drug r-2
circle r-2
rebato rabato
rebate rabbet
race_car racer
racing_car racer
racecourse racetrack
raceway racetrack
track racetrack
race raceway
circuit racing_circuit
single_shell racing_skiff
stand rack
wheel rack
racquet racket
microwave_radar radar
radio_detection_and_ranging radar
radiolocation radar
radial_tire radial
radial-ply_tire radial
rotary_engine radial_engine
wireless radio
radio_aerial radio_antenna
beacon radio_beacon
radiograph radiogram
shadowgraph radiogram
skiagraph radiogram
skiagram radiogram
link radio_link
radio-gramophone radio-phonograph
radiophoto radiophotograph
receiving_set radio_receiver
radio_set radio_receiver
radio radio_receiver
tuner radio_receiver
wireless radio_receiver
radiotelegraphy radiotelegraph
wireless_telegraph radiotelegraph
wireless_telegraphy radiotelegraph
radiophone radiotelephone
wireless_telephone radiotelephone
radio_reflector radio_telescope
radar_dome radome
balk rafter
baulk rafter
shred rag
tag rag
tag_end rag
tatter rag
rail railing
railroad railroad_track
railway railroad_track
railroad railway
railroad_line railway
railway_line railway
railway_system railway
railroad_station railway_station
railroad_terminal railway_station
train_station railway_station
train_depot railway_station
waterproof raincoat
rain_gage rain_gauge
pluviometer rain_gauge
udometer rain_gauge
ramequin ramekin
Altace ramipril
ramjet_engine ramjet
atherodyde ramjet
athodyd ramjet
flying_drainpipe ramjet
incline ramp
bulwark rampart
wall rampart
spread ranch
cattle_ranch ranch
cattle_farm ranch
random_access_memory random-access_memory
random_memory random-access_memory
RAM random-access_memory
read/write_memory random-access_memory
range_finder rangefinder
ranging_pole range_pole
flagpole range_pole
Zantac ranitidine
mass_rapid_transit rapid_transit
tuck rapier
wood_file rasp
rachet ratchet
ratch ratchet
ratlin ratline
ratan rattan
reaction_engine reaction-propulsion_engine
ROM read-only_memory
read-only_storage read-only_memory
fixed_storage read-only_memory
read-out readout
head read/write_head
juicer reamer
juice_reamer reamer
back rear
Edronax reboxetine
receiving_system receiver
niche recess
reclining_chair recliner
lounger recliner
scout_car reconnaissance_vehicle
auto-changer record_changer
changer record_changer
recording_equipment recorder
recording_machine recorder
phonograph record_player
record_cover record_sleeve
recreation_facility recreational_facility
RV recreational_vehicle
R.V. recreational_vehicle
rec_room recreation_room
vibrating_reed reed
flat_knot reef_knot
reflector reflecting_telescope
reflexion reflection
reform_school reformatory
training_school reformatory
icebox refrigerator
sanctuary refuge
asylum refuge
electrical_relay relay
button release
relievo relief
rilievo relief
embossment relief
sculptural_relief relief
cloister religious_residence
remaking remake
curative remedy
cure remedy
therapeutic remedy
remote remote_control
link-attached_terminal remote_terminal
remote_station remote_terminal
link-attached_station remote_terminal
repp rep
fix-it_shop repair_shop
repeater repeating_firearm
replication replica
reproduction replica
monument repository
upper_cannon rerebrace
research_facility research_center
Raudixin reserpine
Rau-Sed reserpine
Sandril reserpine
Serpasil reserpine
artificial_lake reservoir
man-made_lake reservoir
platinum_thermometer resistance_thermometer
resistance resistor
resonant_circuit resonator
cavity_resonator resonator
resonating_chamber resonator
spa resort_hotel
inhalator respirator
eating_house restaurant
eating_place restaurant
eatery restaurant
constraint restraint
reticule reticle
graticule reticle
recap retread
return return_key
revere revers
reverse_gear reverse
verso reverse
revetement revetment
stone_facing revetment
six-gun revolver
six-shooter revolver
revolver revolving_door
variable_resistor rheostat
ribband riband
Virazole ribavirin
typewriter_ribbon ribbon
ricrac rickrack
ridgepole ridge
rooftree ridge
hunting_crop riding_crop
Rifadin rifampin
Rimactane rifampin
rigging rig
rigger_brush rigger
tackle rigging
rightfield right_field
right right_field
band ring
ringside_seat ringside
skating_rink rink
splitsaw ripsaw
riser_pipe riser
riser_pipeline riser
riser_main riser
Norvir ritonavir
riveter riveting_machine
rivetter riveting_machine
roach_holder roach_clip
route road
barricade roadblock
runabout roadster
two-seater roadster
Wollaston_prism rochon_prism
roller_bit rock_bit
cradle rocker
valve_rocker rocker_arm
rocket_engine rocket
projectile rocket
rockery rock_garden
rocker rocking_chair
X_ray roentgenogram
X-ray roentgenogram
X-ray_picture roentgenogram
X-ray_photograph roentgenogram
Vioxx rofecoxib
big_dipper roller_coaster
chute-the-chute roller_coaster
smoke roll_of_tobacco
semicircular_arch roman_arch
romper_suit romper
cellar root_cellar
rope_yard ropewalk
prayer_beads rosary
bed_of_roses rose_bed
rosette rose_window
positioner rotary_actuator
shaft rotating_shaft
rotor_coil rotor
rotary_wing rotor_blade
rotor_shaft rotor_head
paint rouge
blusher rouge
toothed_wheel roulette
wheel roulette_wheel
unit_of_ammunition round
one_shot round
King_Arthur's_Round_Table round_table
town_house row_house
elastic_band rubber_band
elastic rubber_band
gum_boot rubber_boot
rubber rubber_eraser
pencil_eraser rubber_eraser
rudderstock rudderpost
carpet rug
carpeting rug
ruler rule
playroom rumpus_room
game_room rumpus_room
spoke rundle
rung rundle
round rung
stave rung
rush_candle rushlight
rya_rug rya
sabre saber
jigsaw saber_saw
reciprocating_saw saber_saw
oral_poliovirus_vaccine sabin_vaccine
OPV sabin_vaccine
trivalent_live_oral_poliomyelitis_vaccine sabin_vaccine
TOPV sabin_vaccine
sable_brush sable
sable's_hair_pencil sable
wooden_shoe sabot
poke sack
paper_bag sack
carrier_bag sack
sacque sack
bagging sacking
saddlecloth saddle_blanket
horse_blanket saddle_blanket
saddle_shoe saddle_oxford
leather_soap saddle_soap
safe-deposit_box safe-deposit
safety-deposit safe-deposit
safety_deposit_box safe-deposit
deposit_box safe-deposit
lockbox safe-deposit
life_belt safety_belt
safety_harness safety_belt
safety_bike safety_bicycle
safety_lock safety_bolt
safety_lock safety_catch
Davy_lamp safety_lamp
book_matches safety_match
guardrail safety_rail
relief_valve safety_valve
escape_valve safety_valve
escape_cock safety_valve
escape safety_valve
canvas sail
canvass sail
sheet sail
sailing_boat sailboat
sailing_ship sailing_vessel
St._Lawrence_Seaway saint_lawrence_seaway
salad_bowl salad_plate
IPV salk_vaccine
salade sallet
beauty_salon salon
beauty_parlor salon
beauty_parlour salon
beauty_shop salon
salt_shaker saltshaker
shalwar salwar
shamisen samisen
sampler sampling_station
sanatarium sanatorium
sanitarium sanatorium
sandpile sandbox
sandpit sandbox
sanitary_towel sanitary_napkin
Kotex sanitary_napkin
clingfilm cling_film
Saran_Wrap cling_film
sarsenet sarcenet
saree sari
window_sash sash
sash_line sash_cord
sash_lock sash_fastener
window_lock sash_fastener
artificial_satellite satellite
orbiter satellite
satellite_TV satellite_television
satinette satinet
sweat_room sauna
coin_bank savings_bank
money_box savings_bank
bank savings_bank
horse sawhorse
sawbuck sawhorse
buck sawhorse
saxophone sax
staging scaffolding
weighing_machine scale
CAT_scan scan
electronic_scanner scanner
digital_scanner scanner
image_scanner scanner
stud scantling
scapulary scapular
straw_man scarecrow
strawman scarecrow
bird-scarer scarecrow
scarer scarecrow
scarf scarf_joint
throw_rug scatter_rug
scorper scauper
view scene
scene scenery
schematic_drawing schematic
shlock schlock
dreck schlock
Schmidt_camera schmidt_telescope
schoolhouse school
training_ship school_ship
pair_of_scissors scissors
sconcheon_arch scoinson_arch
scoop_shovel scoop
hyoscine scopolamine
flagellum scourge
cover screen
covert screen
concealment screen
CRT_screen screen
silver_screen screen
projection_screen screen
screen screen_door
screw_propeller screw
thread screw_thread
scrabble scribble
doodle scribble
scribe scriber
scratch_awl scriber
scrubbing_brush scrub_brush
scrubber scrub_brush
scuffle_hoe scuffle
Dutch_hoe scuffle
coal_scuttle scuttle
drogue sea_anchor
stamp seal
sea_steps sea_ladder
seal sealing_wax
hydroplane seaplane
waterscape seascape
seatbelt seat_belt
seats seating
seating_room seating
seating_area seating
sea_lane seaway
ship_route seaway
trade_route seaway
secobarbital secobarbital_sodium
Seconal secobarbital_sodium
red_devil secobarbital_sodium
secondary_winding secondary_coil
secondary secondary_coil
family_circle second_balcony
upper_balcony second_balcony
peanut_gallery second_balcony
second second_gear
writing_table secretary
escritoire secretary
secretaire secretary
segment section
security_measure security_system
security security_system
saloon sedan
sedan_chair sedan
sedative_drug sedative
depressant sedative
downer sedative
sedative-hypnotic_drug sedative-hypnotic
teeter seesaw
teeter-totter seesaw
teetertotter seesaw
teeterboard seesaw
tilting_board seesaw
dandle_board seesaw
Segway_Human_Transporter segway
Segway_HT segway
SSRI selective-serotonin_reuptake_inhibitor
selector_switch selector
feeder self-feeder
synchro selsyn
selvedge selvage
selvedge selvage
semiautomatic semiautomatic_pistol
semiconductor_unit semiconductor_device
semiconductor semiconductor_device
semi semitrailer
episode sequence
sequenator sequencer
spangle sequin
diamante sequin
sarape serape
Zoloft sertraline
host server
table_service service
service_entrance service_door
servant's_entrance service_door
servomechanism servo
servosystem servo
setoff set-back
offset set-back
spring_gun set_gun
settee settle
seven seven-spot
78 seventy-eight
Seven_Wonders_of_the_World seven_wonders_of_the_ancient_world
disposal_plant sewage_disposal_plant
sewer_system sewage_system
sewage_works sewage_system
sewerage sewer
cloaca sewer
sewer_line sewer_main
stitchery sewing
embroidery_stitch sewing_stitch
bond shackle
hamper shackle
trammel shackle
scape shaft
waist shank
stem shank
shaping_machine shaper
sherd shard
fragment shard
electric_shaver shaver
electric_razor shaver
shaving_soap shaving_cream
overlay sheathing
overlayer sheathing
afghan sheepskin_coat
sheeprun sheepwalk
bed_sheet sheet
tack sheet
mainsheet sheet
weather_sheet sheet
shroud sheet
flat_solid sheet
waist_anchor sheet_anchor
becket_bend sheet_bend
weaver's_knot sheet_bend
weaver's_hitch sheet_bend
sheath_pile sheet_pile
sheet_piling sheet_pile
case shell
casing shell
racing_shell shell
shellac_varnish shellac
buckler shield
shift shift_key
shillalah shillelagh
shinpad shin_guard
shipway ship_canal
cargo_ships shipping
merchant_marine shipping
merchant_vessels shipping
shirtwaister shirtwaist
shock shock_absorber
cushion shock_absorber
shoe_lace shoelace
shoestring shoelace
shoe_string shoelace
shoe-shop shoe_shop
shoe_store shoe_shop
shophar shofar
shooting_range shooting_gallery
shooting_box shooting_lodge
store shop
storefront shopfront
shoring shore
short short_circuit
cutoff shortcut
crosscut shortcut
shorts short_pants
trunks short_pants
pellet shot
jigger shot_glass
pony shot_glass
scattergun shotgun
berm shoulder
shoulder_mark shoulder_board
shower_bath shower_stall
salesroom showroom
saleroom showroom
electrical_shunt shunt
bypass shunt
bird shuttlecock
birdie shuttlecock
shuttle shuttlecock
siamese_connection siamese
sickbag sick_bag
sick_berth sickbay
reaping_hook sickle
reap_hook sickle
side_entrance side_door
running_light sidelight
pavement sidewalk
railroad_siding siding
turnout siding
sidetrack siding
screen sieve
flexible_sigmoidoscope sigmoidoscope
signal_tower signal_box
sign signboard
seal_ring signet_ring
sildenafil_citrate sildenafil
Viagra sildenafil
muffler silencer
silk_screen_print silkscreen
serigraph silkscreen
silver silver_medal
Zocor simvastatin
single_stitch single_crochet
single-propeller_plane single_prop
single-reed_woodwind single-reed_instrument
fencing_stick singlestick
backsword singlestick
vest singlet
undershirt singlet
Sanson-Flamsteed_projection sinusoidal_projection
syphon siphon
hip_bath sitz_bath
six_pack six-pack
sixpack six-pack
six six-spot
skene_arch skeen_arch
scheme_arch skeen_arch
diminished_arch skeen_arch
skeletal_frame skeleton
frame skeleton
underframe skeleton
study sketch
sketch_block sketchbook
sketch_pad sketchbook
binding ski_binding
stocking_cap ski_cap
toboggan_cap ski_cap
ski_jacket ski_parka
ski_trail ski_run
ski_lift ski_tow
lift ski_tow
fanlight skylight
rocket skyrocket
spline slat
sledge sled
sleigh sled
sleeper sleeping_car
wagon-lit sleeping_car
sleeping_tablet sleeping_pill
sleeping_capsule sleeping_pill
sleeping_draught sleeping_pill
arm sleeve
cascabel sleigh_bell
lantern_slide slide
microscope_slide slide
playground_slide slide
sliding_board slide
zip slide_fastener
zipper slide_fastener
zip_fastener slide_fastener
slipstick slide_rule
scarf_bandage sling
triangular_bandage sling
sling slingback
sling slingshot
catapult slingshot
slip_of_paper slip
slip_friction_clutch slip_clutch
slip_carriage slip_coach
carpet_slipper slipper
slop_bowl slop_basin
slop_jar slop_pail
slopseller's_shop slopshop
one-armed_bandit slot
expansion_slot slot
coin_machine slot_machine
sluiceway sluice
penstock sluice
sluice_valve sluicegate
floodgate sluicegate
penstock sluicegate
head_gate sluicegate
water_gate sluicegate
SCSI small_computer_system_interface
smeltery smelter
smoke_grenade smoke_bomb
meat_house smokehouse
smoking_car smoker
smoking_carriage smoker
smoking_compartment smoker
smokescreen smoke_screen
stack smokestack
smoothing_plane smooth_plane
snack_counter snack_bar
buffet snack_bar
snaffle_bit snaffle
snap_fastener snap
press_stud snap
snap snapshot
shot snapshot
gin snare
noose snare
snare snare_drum
side_drum snare_drum
brandy_snifter snifter
brandy_glass snifter
snippet snip
snipping snip
precision_rifle sniper_rifle
tinsnips snips
schnorkel snorkel
schnorchel snorkel
snorkel_breather snorkel
breather snorkel
snow_bank snowbank
snowplough snowplow
snow_blower snow_thrower
scoop soap
max soap
liquid_ecstasy soap
grievous_bodily_harm soap
goop soap
Georgia_home_boy soap
easy_lay soap
built-soap_powder soap_powder
washing_powder soap_powder
soddy sod_house
adobe_house sod_house
phenobarbital sodium_thiopental
phenobarbitone sodium_thiopental
Luminal sodium_thiopental
purple_heart sodium_thiopental
sodium-vapour_lamp sodium-vapor_lamp
couch sofa
lounge sofa
playground_ball softball
green_soap soft_soap
software_product software_package
solar_battery solar_array
solar_panel solar_array
photovoltaic_cell solar_cell
solar_collector solar_dish
solar_furnace solar_dish
sabaton solleret
echo_sounder sonar
asdic sonar
fathometer sonic_depth_finder
echogram sonogram
hypnotic soporific
body soundbox
soundboard sounding_board
audio_recording sound_recording
audio sound_recording
soup_spoon soupspoon
sordino sourdine
capsule space_capsule
ballistic_capsule spacecraft
space_vehicle spacecraft
space_platform space_station
space_laboratory space_station
spandril spandrel
spare spare_part
sparker spark_arrester
spark_counter spark_chamber
sparking_plug spark_plug
plug spark_plug
gaiter spat
lance spear
shaft spear
gig spear
fizgig spear
fishgig spear
lance spear
spearpoint spearhead
spear-point spearhead
specs spectacles
eyeglasses spectacles
glasses spectacles
spectator spectator_pump
spectrograph spectrogram
prism_spectroscope spectroscope
speed_indicator speedometer
racing_skate speed_skate
spermatocide spermicide
spider's_web spider_web
spider's_web spider_web
spindle spike
spike spike_heel
stiletto_heel spike_heel
spill spillway
wasteweir spillway
spinal_anaesthetic spinal_anesthetic
mandrel spindle
mandril spindle
arbor spindle
spin_drier spin_dryer
backbone spine
volute spiral
ratchet_screwdriver spiral_ratchet_screwdriver
cuspidor spittoon
splasher splashboard
dashboard splashboard
splicing splice
fence_rail split_rail
wheel_spoke spoke
radius spoke
stunt_kite sport_kite
sport_car sports_car
athletic_wear sportswear
activewear sportswear
sport_utility_vehicle sport_utility
S.U.V. sport_utility
SUV sport_utility
spot spotlight
spot-weld spot_weld
spring_scale spring_balance
impost springer
sprocket_wheel sprocket
stump_spud spud
gad spur
spur_wheel spur_gear
squash_racquet squash_racket
bat squash_racket
squawker squawk_box
intercom_speaker squawk_box
squelch squelch_circuit
squelcher squelch_circuit
Invirase saquinavir
stabiliser stabilizer
anti-sway_bar stabilizer_bar
stalls stable
horse_barn stable
saddlery stable_gear
tack stable_gear
bowl stadium
arena stadium
sports_stadium stadium
microscope_stage stage
stage stagecoach
set stage_set
steps stairs
staircase stairway
stand stall
sales_booth stall
pestle stamp
stamping_mill stamp_mill
stamper stamping_machine
banner standard
stick_shift standard_transmission
St._Andrew's_cross st
saltire st
Stanford stanford_university
staplegun staple_gun
tacker staple_gun
stapling_machine stapler
Confederate_flag stars_and_bars
spaceship starship
starter_motor starter
starting_motor starter
starting_stall starting_gate
electric-arc_furnace stassano_furnace
stator_coil stator
lag stave
chophouse steakhouse
steam_room steam_bath
vapor_bath steam_bath
vapour_bath steam_bath
steamship steamer
steam_heating steam_heat
steam_pipe steam_line
road_roller steamroller
steamship_line steamship_company
steelworks steel_mill
steel_plant steel_mill
steel_factory steel_mill
lever_scale steelyard
beam_scale steelyard
spire steeple
steering_mechanism steering_system
wheel steering_wheel
stela stele
stair step
stepping_motor stepper
stepladder step_ladder
stereophony stereo
stereo_system stereo
stereophonic_system stereo
stereoscopic_picture stereo
stereoscopic_photograph stereo
after_part stern
quarter stern
poop stern
tail stern
stewpan stewing_pan
control_stick stick
joystick stick
still_room stillroom
stimulant_drug stimulant
excitant stimulant
stench_bomb stink_bomb
stirrup_iron stirrup
inventory stock
gunstock stock
stock_market stock_exchange
securities_market stock_exchange
stockinette stockinet
stock_room stockroom
Western_saddle stock_saddle
stogie stogy
stokehole stokehold
fireroom stokehold
stoep stoop
short-stop stop_bath
short-stop_bath stop_bath
cock stopcock
turncock stopcock
stop_watch stopwatch
accumulator storage_battery
secondary_cell storage_cell
depot storehouse
entrepot storehouse
storage storehouse
store storehouse
storage_room storeroom
stowage storeroom
cyclone_cellar storm_cellar
tornado_cellar storm_cellar
storm_sash storm_window
stoop stoup
kitchen_stove stove
range stove
kitchen_range stove
cooking_stove stove
Strad stradavarius
straight straightaway
side_chair straight_chair
straight-fluted_drill straight_flute
strain_gage strain_gauge
straightjacket straitjacket
shoulder_strap strap
joint_hinge strap_hinge
drinking_straw straw
tram streetcar
tramcar streetcar
trolley streetcar
trolley_car streetcar
street_lamp streetlight
reinforcement strengthener
twine string
slip strip
stripper stripper_well
strobe stroboscope
strobe_light stroboscope
deedbox strongbox
fastness stronghold
construction structure
rivet stud
studio studio_apartment
day_bed studio_couch
packing_box stuffing_box
packing_nut stuffing_nut
stun_baton stun_gun
tope stupa
pigsty sty
pigpen sty
style stylus
subcompact_car subcompact
content subject
depicted_object subject
pigboat submarine
sub submarine
U-boat submarine
submersible_warship submersible
subdivision subsection
Carafate sucralfate
sudatory sudatorium
sudatory sudorific
suede suede_cloth
sugar_shell sugar_spoon
suit_of_clothes suit
rooms suite
Sulamyd sulfacetamide
sulfa sulfa_drug
sulpha sulfa_drug
sulfonamide sulfa_drug
sulfamezathine sulfamethazine
Gantanol sulfamethoxazole
Gantrisin sulfisoxazole
Clinoril sulindac
sulfur_mine sulphur_mine
total sum
totality sum
aggregate sum
sunray_pleat sunburst_pleat
Sunday_clothes sunday_best
dark_glasses sunglasses
shades sunglasses
ha-ha sunk_fence
haw-haw sunk_fence
sun_hat sunhat
sun_lamp sunlamp
sunray_lamp sunlamp
sun-ray_lamp sunlamp
sun_parlour sun_parlor
sun_porch sun_parlor
sunporch sun_parlor
sunroom sun_parlor
sun_lounge sun_parlor
solarium sun_parlor
sunshine-roof sunroof
sunblock sunscreen
sun_blocker sunscreen
solar_trap suntrap
information_superhighway superhighway
support_stocking support_hose
appetite_suppressant suppressant
suppresser suppressor
surface_gage surface_gauge
scribing_block surface_gauge
SAM surface-to-air_missile
surge_protector surge_suppressor
spike_suppressor surge_suppressor
spike_arrester surge_suppressor
lightning_arrester surge_suppressor
surveyor's_instrument surveying_instrument
suspension_system suspension
suspensory_bandage suspensory
loud_pedal sustaining_pedal
surgical_seam suture
swob swab
mop swab
swaddling_bands swaddling_clothes
swallowtail swallow-tailed_coat
morning_coat swallow-tailed_coat
marsh_buggy swamp_buggy
wrapping swathe
flyswatter swatter
flyswat swatter
jumper sweater
sweatpants sweat_pants
sweatsuit sweat_suit
sweats sweat_suit
workout_suit sweat_suit
sweep_oar sweep
sweep-second sweep_hand
swimming_bath swimming_pool
natatorium swimming_pool
bathing_trunks swimming_trunks
swimwear swimsuit
bathing_suit swimsuit
swimming_costume swimsuit
bathing_costume swimsuit
swinging_door swing_door
electric_switch switch
electrical_switch switch
switchblade_knife switchblade
flick-knife switchblade
flick_knife switchblade
patchboard switchboard
plugboard switchboard
donkey_engine switch_engine
blade sword
brand sword
steel sword
sword_stick sword_cane
temple synagogue
tabernacle synagogue
rotary synchronous_converter
rotary_converter synchronous_converter
synchronoscope synchroscope
synchronizer synchroscope
synchroniser synchroscope
synthesiser synthesizer
Mormon_Tabernacle tabernacle
tabis tabi
tab tab_key
napery table_linen
hot_pad table_mat
ping-pong_table table-tennis_table
pingpong_table table-tennis_table
table-tennis_bat table-tennis_racquet
pingpong_paddle table-tennis_racquet
tabour tabor
tabouret taboret
t-scope tachistoscope
tach tachometer
tacheometer tachymeter
Cialis tadalafil
tenia taenia
fillet taenia
tail_assembly tail
empennage tail
tailfin tail_fin
fin tail_fin
tailboard tailgate
tail_lamp taillight
rear_light taillight
rear_lamp taillight
anti-torque_rotor tail_rotor
talcum_powder talcum
tam-o'-shanter tam
tammy tam
embroidery_frame tambour
embroidery_hoop tambour
tamper tamp
tamping_bar tamp
tompion tampion
storage_tank tank
army_tank tank
armored_combat_vehicle tank
armoured_combat_vehicle tank
tank tank_car
tank_locomotive tank_engine
spigot tap
tappa tapa
tape_recording tape
taping tape
tapeline tape
tape_measure tape
tape_transport tape_drive
transport tape_drive
tape_machine tape_recorder
arras tapestry
tapis tapestry
butt target
tarmac tarmacadam
macadam tarmacadam
tarot tarot_card
tarp tarpaulin
plaid tartan
tasse tasset
St._Anthony's_cross tau_cross
tap_house tavern
shooter taw
taxi_strip taxiway
T-bar t-bar_lift
Alpine_lift t-bar_lift
teacart tea_cart
tea_trolley tea_cart
tea_wagon tea_cart
tea_set tea_service
teahouse teashop
tearoom teashop
tea_parlor teashop
tea_parlour teashop
teddy_bear teddy
golf_tee tee
football_tee tee
T_hinge tee_hinge
telco_building telecom_hotel
telecom_system telecommunication_system
telecommunication_equipment telecommunication_system
telecom_equipment telecommunication_system
telegraphy telegraph
phone telephone
telephone_set telephone
phone_booth telephone_booth
call_box telephone_booth
telephone_box telephone_booth
telephone_kiosk telephone_booth
phone_cord telephone_cord
phone_jack telephone_jack
phone_line telephone_line
telephone_circuit telephone_line
subscriber_line telephone_line
line telephone_line
phone_plug telephone_plug
telegraph_pole telephone_pole
telegraph_post telephone_pole
receiver telephone_receiver
phone_system telephone_system
telephone_line telephone_wire
telegraph_wire telephone_wire
telegraph_line telephone_wire
telephoto telephotograph
zoom_lens telephoto_lens
scope telescope
telescope_sight telescopic_sight
teleprinter teletypewriter
teletype_machine teletypewriter
telex teletypewriter
telex_machine teletypewriter
television_system television
tv-antenna television_antenna
tv_camera television_camera
camera television_camera
television_pickup_tube television-camera_tube
video_equipment television_equipment
tv_monitor television_monitor
television television_receiver
television_set television_receiver
tv television_receiver
tv_set television_receiver
idiot_box television_receiver
boob_tube television_receiver
telly television_receiver
goggle_box television_receiver
tv_room television_room
TV_station television_station
telfer telpher
telferage telpherage
Restoril temazepam
poster_paint tempera
poster_color tempera
poster_colour tempera
Oracle_of_Apollo temple_of_apollo
Delphic_oracle temple_of_apollo
oracle_of_Delphi temple_of_apollo
Temple_of_Solomon temple_of_jerusalem
patch temporary_hookup
supply_ship tender
ship's_boat tender
pinnace tender
cutter tender
tenement_house tenement
tennis_racquet tennis_racket
tom-tom tenor_drum
ten ten-spot
collapsible_shelter tent
rainfly tent-fly
fly_sheet tent-fly
fly tent-fly
tent_flap tent-fly
tipi tepee
teepee tepee
Hytrin terazosin
Lamisil terbinafine
terminus terminal
depot terminal
pole terminal
terminal_figure terminus
term terminus
Samian_ware terra_sigillata
terry_cloth terry
terrycloth terry
research_rocket test_rocket
test_instrument_vehicle test_rocket
testing_room test_room
tetrachloroethylene tetrachlorethylene
ethylene_tetrachloride tetrachlorethylene
carbon_dichloride tetrachlorethylene
Achromycin tetracycline
THC tetrahydrocannabinol
tetraskele tetraskelion
thatched_roof thatch
theatre theater
house theater
theatre_curtain theater_curtain
theatre_stage theater_stage
transit theodolite
Elixophyllin theophylline
Slo-Bid theophylline
Theobid theophylline
thermal_resistor thermistor
fuel-air_bomb thermobaric_bomb
vacuum_bomb thermobaric_bomb
volume-detonation_bomb thermobaric_bomb
aerosol_bomb thermobaric_bomb
thermocouple_junction thermocouple
thermel thermoelectric_thermometer
electric_thermometer thermoelectric_thermometer
thermometrograph thermograph
thermogravimeter thermohydrometer
fusion_reactor thermonuclear_reactor
thermos_bottle thermos
thermos_flask thermos
thermoregulator thermostat
sodium_ethylmercurithiosalicylate thimerosal
Merthiolate thimerosal
thiopental_sodium thiopental
thiopentobarbital_sodium thiopental
Pentothal thiopental
Mellaril thioridazine
Navane thiothixene
third third_base
third third_gear
yarn thread
basket-handle_arch three-centered_arch
3d_radar three-dimensional_radar
three-point_switch three-way_switch
thrasher thresher
threshing_machine thresher
threshold_gate threshold_element
second-hand_store thriftshop
thrombolytic_agent thrombolytic
clot_buster thrombolytic
throwing_board throwing_stick
spear_thrower throwing_stick
dart_thrower throwing_stick
drawing_pin thumbtack
pushpin thumbtack
cross_thwart thwart
stock_ticker ticker
tie_beam tie
railroad_tie tie
crosstie tie
sleeper tie
tiepin tie_tack
scarfpin tie_tack
leotards tights
tip-top_table tilt-top_table
tip_table tilt-top_table
infernal_machine time_bomb
time-delay_measuring_system time-delay_measuring_instrument
timekeeper timepiece
horologe timepiece
Blocadren timolol
iodine tincture_of_iodine
tin_foil tinfoil
tinplate tin_plate
tyre tire
snow_chain tire_chain
tire_tool tire_iron
Activase tissue_plasminogen_activator
trinitrotoluene tnt
baccy tobacco
tobacconist_shop tobacco_shop
tobacconist tobacco_shop
Nebcin tobramycin
toby_jug toby
toby_fillpot_jug toby
Tonocard tocainide
warning_bell tocsin
toggle toggle_switch
on-off_switch toggle_switch
on/off_switch toggle_switch
threads togs
duds togs
lavatory toilet
lav toilet
can toilet
john toilet
privy toilet
bathroom toilet
can toilet
commode toilet
crapper toilet
pot toilet
potty toilet
stool toilet
throne toilet
sponge_bag toilet_bag
travel_kit toilet_kit
bath_powder toilet_powder
dusting_powder toilet_powder
toilet_articles toiletry
face_soap toilet_soap
bath_soap toilet_soap
eau_de_toilette toilet_water
Tolinase tolazamide
Orinase tolbutamide
tolbooth tollbooth
tollhouse tollbooth
tollbar tollgate
Tolectin tolmetin_sodium
hatchet tomahawk
Thompson_submachine_gun tommy_gun
pickup tone_arm
pickup_arm tone_arm
pair_of_tongs tongs
restorative tonic
tool_chest toolbox
tool_cabinet toolbox
tool_case toolbox
toolhouse toolshed
toothpowder tooth_powder
cover top
whirligig top
teetotum top
spinning_top top
topgallant_mast topgallant
topgallant_sail topgallant
tormentor tormenter
teaser tormenter
tore torus
touchscreen touch_screen
toupe toupee
phaeton touring_car
tourer touring_car
third_class tourist_class
towelling toweling
towel_horse towel_rack
towel_bar towel_rail
Babel tower_of_babel
towrope towline
towing_line towline
towing_rope towline
towing_path towpath
tow_car tow_truck
wrecker tow_truck
toy_chest toy_box
tracer_bullet tracer
trace tracing
cart_track track
cartroad track
rail track
rails track
runway track
data_track track
caterpillar_track track
caterpillar_tread track
circle traffic_circle
rotary traffic_circle
roundabout traffic_circle
safety_island traffic_island
safety_isle traffic_island
safety_zone traffic_island
dirt_bike trail_bike
scrambler trail_bike
house_trailer trailer
trailer_park trailer_camp
tractor_trailer trailer_truck
trucking_rig trailer_truck
rig trailer_truck
articulated_lorry trailer_truck
semi trailer_truck
railroad_train train
tram tramcar
tramway tramline
streetcar_track tramline
trammel trammel_net
tramp tramp_steamer
tram tramway
aerial_tramway tramway
cable_tramway tramway
ropeway tramway
Mavik trandolapril
tranquillizer tranquilizer
tranquilliser tranquilizer
antianxiety_agent tranquilizer
ataractic_drug tranquilizer
ataractic_agent tranquilizer
ataractic tranquilizer
skin_patch transdermal_patch
junction_transistor transistor
electronic_transistor transistor
transmission_system transmission
sender transmitter
traverse transom
transom_window transom
fanlight transom
transportation transportation_system
transit transportation_system
car_transporter transporter
traverse trave
crossbeam trave
crosspiece trave
dragnet trawl
trawl_net trawl
trawl_line trawl
spiller trawl
setline trawl
trotline trawl
dragger trawler
trazodone_hydrochloride trazodone
Desyrel trazodone
treadwheel treadmill
tread-wheel treadmill
trenail treenail
trunnel treenail
treillage trellis
trephine trepan
three trey
Halcion triazolam
tribromoethyl_alcohol tribromoethanol
Naqua trichlormethiazide
tricolour tricolor
tricolour_television_tube tricolor_television_tube
tricolor_tube tricolor_television_tube
tricolour_tube tricolor_television_tube
tricorne tricorn
trike tricycle
velocipede tricycle
tricyclic_antidepressant tricyclic
tricyclic_antidepressant_drug tricyclic
Surmontil trimipramine
trimmer_joist trimmer
trimming_capacitor trimmer
trim trimming
passementerie trimming
trip tripper
triskele triskelion
trivia triviality
trifle triviality
small_beer triviality
Wooden_Horse trojan_horse
trolley_coach trolleybus
trackless_trolley trolleybus
troop_transport troop_carrier
prize trophy
pants_presser trouser_press
pant trouser
motortruck truck
truck_garden truck_farm
trump_card trump
nightstick truncheon
baton truncheon
billy truncheon
billystick truncheon
billy_club truncheon
trundle trundle_bed
truckle_bed trundle_bed
truckle trundle_bed
trunk_route trunk_line
truth_drug truth_serum
vat tub
tubing tube
vacuum_tube tube
thermionic_vacuum_tube tube
thermionic_tube tube
electron_tube tube
thermionic_valve tube
tubeless_tire tubeless
four-centered_arch tudor_arch
tug tugboat
towboat tugboat
tower tugboat
Tuileries_Gardens tuileries
Tuileries_Palace tuileries
tumble_drier tumble-dryer
tumbril tumbrel
tupek tupik
sealskin_tent tupik
terry_towel turkish_towel
food_turner turner
widening turnout
toll_road turnpike
lazy_Susan turntable
turtle turtleneck
polo-neck turtleneck
polo-neck_collar turtleneck_collar
.22 twenty-two
twill_weave twill
twist_drill twist_bit
whipsaw two-handed_saw
two-man_saw two-handed_saw
lumberman's_saw two-handed_saw
two-piece_suit two-piece
lounge_suit two-piece
slug type_slug
tyrocidin tyrocidine
tirolean tyrolean
ukulele uke
dark-field_microscope ultramicroscope
ultraviolet_source ultraviolet_lamp
underseal undercoat
unmentionable undergarment
subway underpass
underclothes underwear
underclothing underwear
uneven_bars uneven_parallel_bars
monocycle unicycle
Union_flag union_jack
U.S._Army_Criminal_Investigation_Laboratory united_states_army_criminal_investigation_laboratory
US_Army_Criminal_Investigation_Laboratory united_states_army_criminal_investigation_laboratory
USACIL united_states_army_criminal_investigation_laboratory
U.S._Mint united_states_mint
US_Mint united_states_mint
universal universal_joint
Pennsylvania university_of_pennsylvania
Penn university_of_pennsylvania
Sussex_University university_of_sussex
upper upper_berth
upright_piano upright
vertical upright
swage upset
secondhand_car used-car
vaccinum vaccine
vacuum_cleaner vacuum
vacuum_bottle vacuum_flask
vacuum_gage vacuum_gauge
Bextra valdecoxib
Valenciennes_lace valenciennes
Depokene valproic_acid
Diovan valsartan
lower_cannon vambrace
caravan van
Vancocin vancomycin
vaporiser vaporizer
vapour_lock vapor_lock
Levitra vardenafil
vasoconstrictive vasoconstrictor
pressor vasoconstrictor
vasodilative vasodilator
Vatican_Palace vatican
burial_vault vault
bank_vault vault
long_horse vaulting_horse
buck vaulting_horse
velours velour
veneering veneer
Venn's_diagram venn_diagram
phlebogram venogram
venthole vent
vent-hole vent
blowhole vent
ventilation_system ventilation
ventilating_system ventilation
verandah veranda
gallery veranda
Calan verapamil
Isoptin verapamil
anthelmintic vermifuge
anthelminthic vermifuge
helminthic vermifuge
vernier_micrometer vernier_caliper
vernier vernier_scale
Palace_of_Versailles versailles
vertical_stabiliser vertical_stabilizer
vertical_fin vertical_stabilizer
tail_fin vertical_stabilizer
tailfin vertical_stabilizer
Verey_pistol very_pistol
watercraft vessel
waistcoat vest
sacristy vestry
vibraharp vibraphone
vibes vibraphone
VCR videocassette_recorder
videodisc videodisk
DVD videodisk
video video_recording
overhead viewgraph
vigil_candle vigil_light
Velban vinblastine
Oncovin vincristine
vinery vineyard
gamba viola_da_gamba
bass_viol viola_da_gamba
fiddle violin
Viocin viomycin
pair_of_virginals virginal
anti-impotence_drug virility_drug
virtual_storage virtual_memory
viscosimeter viscometer
viscose viscose_rayon
bench_vise vise
vizor visor
VDU visual_display_unit
gusset voider
galvanic_battery voltaic_battery
galvanic_cell voltaic_cell
primary_cell voltaic_cell
pile voltaic_pile
galvanic_pile voltaic_pile
voix_celeste vox_angelica
waggon wagon
coaster_wagon wagon
wainscoting wainscot
wainscotting wainscot
dado wainscot
wainscotting wainscoting
belt_bag waist_pack
wakeboard wake_board
strake wale
walkway walk
paseo walk
baby-walker walker
go-cart walker
Zimmer walker
Zimmer_frame walker
walky-talky walkie-talkie
walk-up walk-up_apartment
drywall wallboard
dry_wall wallboard
billfold wallet
notecase wallet
pocketbook wallet
wall_plug wall_socket
electric_outlet wall_socket
electrical_outlet wall_socket
outlet wall_socket
electric_receptacle wall_socket
peag wampum
wampumpeag wampum
Wankel_rotary_engine wankel_engine
epitrochoidal_engine wankel_engine
hospital_ward ward
closet wardrobe
press wardrobe
storage_warehouse warehouse
Coumadin warfarin
payload warhead
load warhead
military_plane warplane
war_vessel warship
combat_ship warship
wash_drawing wash
handbasin washbasin
washbowl washbasin
lavabo washbasin
wash-hand_basin washbasin
basin washbasin
washbowl washbasin
washstand washbasin
lavatory washbasin
splashboard washboard
washrag washcloth
flannel washcloth
face_cloth washcloth
automatic_washer washer
washing_machine washer
wash-hand_stand washstand
waste-paper_basket wastepaper_basket
wastebasket wastepaper_basket
waste_basket wastepaper_basket
circular_file wastepaper_basket
ticker watch
watchstrap watchband
wristband watchband
watch_bracelet watchband
bracelet watchband
watercannon water_cannon
clepsydra water_clock
water_glass water_clock
closet water_closet
W.C. water_closet
loo water_closet
water-color watercolor
watercolour watercolor
water-colour watercolor
water-color watercolor
watercolour watercolor
water-colour watercolor
waterway watercourse
water_tap water_faucet
tap water_faucet
hydrant water_faucet
water_gage water_gauge
water_glass water_gauge
hot-water_heater water_heater
hot-water_tank water_heater
watering_pot watering_can
water_gun water_pistol
squirt_gun water_pistol
squirter water_pistol
sea_scooter water_scooter
scooter water_scooter
water_skin waterskin
water_supply water_system
water water_system
water_waggon water_wagon
water_wheel waterwheel
water_wheel waterwheel
WATS_line wats
wave_guide waveguide
wax_figure waxwork
shipway ways
slipway ways
roadside wayside
arm weapon
weapon_system weapon
WMD weapon_of_mass_destruction
W.M.D. weapon_of_mass_destruction
arms weaponry
implements_of_war weaponry
weapons_system weaponry
munition weaponry
shelter_deck weather_deck
weather_chart weather_map
meteorological_satellite weather_satellite
weatherstrip weather_strip
weather_stripping weather_strip
weatherstripping weather_strip
weather_vane weathervane
vane weathervane
wind_vane weathervane
entanglement web
wedding_band wedding_ring
wedge wedge_heel
weed-whacker weeder
widow's_weeds weeds
mourning_band weed
free_weight weight
exercising_weight weight
wellpoint well_point
cadmium_cell weston_cell
whopper whacker
whaling_ship whaler
Norfolk_wherry wherry
whippletree whiffletree
swingletree whiffletree
whip_top whipping_top
whipping whipstitch
whipstitching whipstitch
whisk_broom whisk
whispering_dome whispering_gallery
flag_stop whistle_stop
way_station whistle_stop
flag_of_truce white_flag
household_linen white_goods
whizzbang whizbang
whizzbang whizbang
whizbang_shell whizbang
brothel whorehouse
bordello whorehouse
bagnio whorehouse
house_of_prostitution whorehouse
house_of_ill_repute whorehouse
bawdyhouse whorehouse
cathouse whorehouse
sporting_house whorehouse
taper wick
wickerwork wicker
caning wicker
lattice wicket
grille wicket
wicket_door wicket
wicket_gate wicket
hoop wicket
wikiup wickiup
fisheye_lens wide-angle_lens
WAN wide_area_network
wide-body_aircraft widebody_aircraft
wide-body widebody_aircraft
twin-aisle_airplane widebody_aircraft
Wiffle_Ball wiffle
wildcat wildcat_well
willow-pattern willowware
Wilton_carpet wilton
windlass winch
shelterbelt windbreak
wind_bell wind_chime
key winder
wind_park wind_farm
wind_energy_facility wind_farm
wind wind_instrument
aerogenerator windmill
wind_generator windmill
window windowpane
windscreen windshield
windscreen_wiper windshield_wiper
wiper windshield_wiper
wiper_blade windshield_wiper
wine_cooler wine_bucket
wine_barrel wine_cask
wine_maker winery
offstage wing
backstage wing
wing-nut wing_nut
wing_screw wing_nut
butterfly_nut wing_nut
thumbnut wing_nut
blinker winker
blinder winker
wiper_arm wiper
contact_arm wiper
conducting_wire wire
wire_gage wire_gauge
WLAN wireless_local_area_network
wireless_fidelity wireless_local_area_network
WiFi wireless_local_area_network
wire_printer wire_matrix_printer
stylus_printer wire_matrix_printer
grillwork wirework
wych_hazel witch_hazel
witness_stand witness_box
wood_block woodcut
wood_engraving woodcut
wood_engraving woodcut
woodworking_vise wood_vise
shoulder_vise wood_vise
woodwind_instrument woodwind
wood woodwind
weft woof
filling woof
pick woof
woolen wool
woollen wool
piece_of_work work
worldly_good worldly_possession
workbox workbasket
workbag workbasket
work_bench workbench
bench workbench
work-board workboard
prison_camp work_camp
prison_farm work_camp
work-clothes work-clothing
workings working
work workplace
workings works
shop workshop
work_table worktable
WTC world_trade_center
twin_towers world_trade_center
WWW world_wide_web
web world_wide_web
snake_fence worm_fence
snake-rail_fence worm_fence
Virginia_fence worm_fence
worsted_yarn worsted
wrapper wrap
wrap wrapping
wrapper wrapping
garland wreath
coronal wreath
chaplet wreath
lei wreath
spanner wrench
wrist_band wristlet
gudgeon_pin wrist_pin
wrist_watch wristwatch
xerographic_copier xerox
Xerox_machine xerox
xerox_copy xerox
XOR_circuit x-or_circuit
XOR_gate x-or_circuit
racing_yacht yacht
Yagi_aerial yagi
Yale yale_university
grounds yard
curtilage yard
railway_yard yard
railyard yard
yard_donkey yarder
piece_goods yard_goods
yard_measure yardstick
yarmulka yarmulke
yarmelke yarmulke
yashmac yashmak
dandy yawl
fruit yield
coupling yoke
Graf_Zeppelin zeppelin
zikkurat ziggurat
zikurat ziggurat
cither zither
zithern zither
personal_identity identity
individuality identity
anal_retentive_personality anal_personality
fiber character
fibre character
internality inwardness
spiritualism spirituality
spiritism spirituality
otherworldliness spirituality
extroversion extraversion
loneliness aloneness
lonesomeness aloneness
solitariness aloneness
privateness privacy
seclusion privacy
animal_nature animality
temperament disposition
physicality animalism
bloodthirstiness bloodiness
spirit heart
morale esprit_de_corps
team_spirit esprit_de_corps
uneasiness restlessness
queasiness restlessness
jactation jactitation
restiveness skittishness
compulsivity compulsiveness
obsessivity obsessiveness
emotionalism emotionality
fondness affectionateness
lovingness affectionateness
warmth affectionateness
sentimentality mawkishness
drippiness mawkishness
mushiness mawkishness
soupiness mawkishness
sloppiness mawkishness
shmaltz schmaltz
schmalz schmaltz
warmth heat
passion heat
excitableness excitability
volatility excitability
emotionlessness unemotionality
coolness coldness
frigidity coldness
frigidness coldness
iciness coldness
chilliness coldness
dispassionateness dispassion
dryness dispassion
stolidity stoicism
stolidness stoicism
lukewarmness tepidness
cheer cheerfulness
sunniness cheerfulness
sunshine cheerfulness
good-humoredness good-temperedness
good-humouredness good-temperedness
good-naturedness good-temperedness
lugubriousness gloominess
sadness gloominess
spiritedness animation
invigoration animation
brio animation
vivification animation
life liveliness
spirit liveliness
sprightliness liveliness
delicacy airiness
briskness alacrity
smartness alacrity
muscularity energy
vigor energy
vigour energy
vim energy
verve vitality
jauntiness breeziness
buoyancy irrepressibility
enthusiasm exuberance
ebullience exuberance
peppiness pep
ginger pep
activity activeness
pizzazz dynamism
pizzaz dynamism
oomph dynamism
zing dynamism
inactivity inactiveness
inertia inactiveness
lethargy languor
sluggishness languor
phlegm languor
flatness languor
passiveness passivity
indifference apathy
numbness apathy
spiritlessness apathy
torpidity listlessness
torpidness listlessness
torpor listlessness
laziness indolence
idleness faineance
slothfulness sloth
tolerance permissiveness
acceptance toleration
sufferance toleration
lenience indulgence
leniency indulgence
restrictiveness unpermissiveness
strictness sternness
severeness severity
harshness severity
rigor severity
rigour severity
rigorousness severity
rigourousness severity
inclemency severity
hardness severity
stiffness severity
good_will grace
goodwill grace
forbearance patience
longanimity patience
agreeability agreeableness
compliance complaisance
compliancy complaisance
obligingness complaisance
deference complaisance
crabbedness crabbiness
crossness crabbiness
crotchetiness crankiness
contrariness crankiness
grumpiness crankiness
sullenness sulkiness
moroseness sulkiness
sourness sulkiness
biliousness temper
irritability temper
peevishness temper
pettishness temper
snappishness temper
surliness temper
sharpness asperity
acrimony bitterness
acerbity bitterness
jaundice bitterness
tartness bitterness
thorniness bitterness
belligerence aggressiveness
pugnacity aggressiveness
bellicoseness bellicosity
contentiousness quarrelsomeness
truculency truculence
eagerness readiness
zeal readiness
forwardness readiness
receptivity receptiveness
openness receptiveness
involuntariness unwillingness
hesitancy reluctance
hesitation reluctance
disinclination reluctance
indisposition reluctance
earnestness seriousness
serious-mindedness seriousness
sincerity seriousness
commitment committedness
gravity graveness
sobriety graveness
soberness graveness
somberness graveness
sombreness graveness
staidness sedateness
solemnity sedateness
solemness sedateness
stuffiness stodginess
frivolousness frivolity
silliness giddiness
lightness lightsomeness
light-mindedness flippancy
jocosity jocoseness
merriness jocoseness
humorousness jocoseness
fun playfulness
perkiness impertinence
pertness impertinence
sauciness impertinence
archness impertinence
frolicsomeness friskiness
sportiveness friskiness
mischievousness impishness
puckishness impishness
whimsicality impishness
humour humor
sense_of_humor humor
sense_of_humour humor
outspokenness frankness
expansiveness effusiveness
expansivity effusiveness
volubility fluency
articulateness fluency
garrulousness garrulity
loquaciousness garrulity
loquacity garrulity
talkativeness garrulity
silence muteness
secretiveness secrecy
silence secrecy
reticence reserve
taciturnity reserve
sociableness sociability
joviality conviviality
companionableness companionability
camaraderie chumminess
comradeliness chumminess
comradery chumminess
comradeship chumminess
nakedness openness
affableness affability
amiability affability
amiableness affability
bonhomie affability
geniality affability
amicableness amicability
condescendingness condescension
intimacy familiarity
closeness familiarity
accessibility approachability
cordiality amity
neighbourliness neighborliness
good-neighborliness neighborliness
good-neighbourliness neighborliness
unsociableness unsociability
remoteness aloofness
standoffishness aloofness
withdrawnness aloofness
secretiveness closeness
sneakiness furtiveness
stealthiness furtiveness
ill_will hostility
virulency virulence
flexibleness flexibility
pliancy pliability
pliantness pliability
suppleness pliability
rigidity inflexibility
rigidness inflexibility
meditativeness pensiveness
contemplativeness pensiveness
deliberateness deliberation
reflectivity reflectiveness
thoughtlessness unthoughtfulness
foolhardiness recklessness
rashness recklessness
impetuosity impetuousness
heedfulness mindfulness
cautiousness caution
carefulness caution
chariness wariness
sharp-sightedness alertness
on_the_qui_vive alertness
vigilance watchfulness
weather_eye watchfulness
sloppiness carelessness
incautiousness incaution
heedlessness unmindfulness
inadvertence unmindfulness
inadvertency unmindfulness
neglect negligence
neglectfulness negligence
dereliction delinquency
willful_neglect delinquency
laxity laxness
remissness laxness
slackness laxness
manliness manfulness
virility manfulness
tomboyishness hoydenism
muliebrity femininity
womanlike womanliness
effeminateness effeminacy
sissiness effeminacy
softness effeminacy
womanishness effeminacy
unmanliness effeminacy
trustiness trustworthiness
responsibleness responsibility
answerability accountability
answerableness accountability
dependableness dependability
reliability dependability
reliableness dependability
untrustiness untrustworthiness
irresponsibleness irresponsibility
solidness solidity
undependableness undependability
unreliability undependability
unreliableness undependability
arbitrariness flightiness
whimsicality flightiness
whimsy flightiness
whimsey flightiness
capriciousness flightiness
painstakingness conscientiousness
meticulosity meticulousness
punctiliousness meticulousness
scrupulousness meticulousness
stringency strictness
unconcern nonchalance
indifference nonchalance
passport recommendation
visual_aspect appearance
colour color
effect impression
linear_perspective perspective
shape form
cast form
image persona
gloss semblance
color semblance
colour semblance
colour_of_law color_of_law
pretense guise
pretence guise
pretext guise
camouflage disguise
visage countenance
look expression
aspect expression
facial_expression expression
face expression
banding band
stria band
striation band
pinpoint speck
cross crisscross
mark crisscross
ocellus eyespot
hatching hatch
crosshatch hatch
hachure hatch
speckle spot
dapple spot
patch spot
fleck spot
maculation spot
fret worn_spot
streak stripe
bar stripe
pilosity hairiness
hirsutism hirsuteness
resplendence glory
resplendency glory
glamour glamor
fairness comeliness
loveliness comeliness
beauteousness comeliness
cuteness prettiness
good_looks handsomeness
adorableness adorability
beguilement bewitchery
animal_magnetism bewitchery
personal_appeal charisma
personal_magnetism charisma
shapeliness curvaceousness
voluptuousness curvaceousness
desirability sex_appeal
desirableness sex_appeal
oomph sex_appeal
appealingness appeal
charm appeal
siren_song siren_call
associableness associability
attractiveness attraction
allurement allure
temptingness allure
enticement lure
come-on lure
showstopper show-stopper
grotesquery grotesqueness
grotesquerie grotesqueness
gaudiness garishness
disfiguration disfigurement
deformity disfigurement
plainness homeliness
defect blemish
mar blemish
nevus birthmark
chip check
ding dent
gouge dent
nick dent
scrape scratch
scar scratch
mark scratch
burn_mark burn
spot smudge
blot smudge
daub smudge
smear smudge
smirch smudge
slur smudge
splodge blotch
splotch blotch
fingerprint fingermark
discoloration stain
discolouration stain
iron_mould iron_mold
nevus_flammeus port-wine_stain
strawberry_mark strawberry
hemangioma_simplex strawberry
verruca wart
venereal_wart genital_wart
condyloma_acuminatum genital_wart
verruca_acuminata genital_wart
restraint chasteness
simplicity chasteness
simpleness chasteness
severity austereness
severeness austereness
starkness bareness
elaborateness ornateness
baroqueness baroque
Dorian_order doric_order
Ionian_order ionic_order
floridness flamboyance
floridity flamboyance
showiness flamboyance
finish coating
finishing coating
lustre luster
clarity clearness
uncloudedness clearness
pellucidity pellucidness
limpidity pellucidness
transparence transparency
transparentness transparency
translucency translucence
semitransparency translucence
sharpness distinctness
legibility discernability
opaqueness opacity
murkiness cloudiness
muddiness cloudiness
turbidness turbidity
mistiness haziness
steaminess haziness
vaporousness haziness
vapourousness haziness
softness indistinctness
blurriness indistinctness
fogginess indistinctness
fuzziness indistinctness
faintness dimness
keenness sharpness
bluntness dullness
noticeability obviousness
noticeableness obviousness
patency obviousness
apparency apparentness
strikingness boldness
predominance predomination
easiness ease
simplicity ease
simpleness ease
readiness facility
difficultness difficulty
strenuousness arduousness
operoseness laboriousness
toilsomeness laboriousness
grimness asperity
hardship asperity
rigor asperity
rigour asperity
severity asperity
severeness asperity
rigorousness asperity
rigourousness asperity
ruggedness hardness
toughness formidability
heaviness burdensomeness
onerousness burdensomeness
oppressiveness burdensomeness
niceness subtlety
inconvenience troublesomeness
worriment troublesomeness
cumbersomeness awkwardness
unwieldiness awkwardness
combustibleness combustibility
burnability combustibility
inflammability flammability
congeniality congenialness
harmoniousness harmony
correspondence agreement
conformance conformity
rightness justness
nicety justness
congruousness congruity
congruence congruity
incongruousness incongruity
suitableness suitability
felicitousness felicity
appositeness aptness
just_the_ticket ticket
fittingness fitness
making qualification
patness opportuneness
timeliness opportuneness
accessibility handiness
availability handiness
availableness handiness
distressingness painfulness
piquance piquancy
piquantness piquancy
unsuitableness unsuitability
ineptness unsuitability
inappositeness inaptness
unworthiness inappropriateness
habitableness habitability
unavailability inaccessibility
untimeliness inopportuneness
humanity humanness
manhood humanness
aura air
atmosphere air
vibe vibration
caliber quality
calibre quality
high_quality superiority
choiceness fineness
admirableness admirability
wonderfulness admirability
grandness impressiveness
magnificence impressiveness
richness impressiveness
expansivity expansiveness
majesty stateliness
loftiness stateliness
ingeniousness ingenuity
cleverness ingenuity
low_quality inferiority
scrubbiness scrawniness
spot point
salableness salability
trademark hallmark
earmark hallmark
stylemark hallmark
mould mold
effervescence bubbliness
frothiness bubbliness
changeability changeableness
transmutability commutability
fluidness fluidity
changefulness inconstancy
unpredictability capriciousness
variableness variability
variance variability
interchangeability exchangeability
interchangeableness exchangeability
fungibility exchangeability
substitutability replaceability
commutability replaceability
permutableness permutability
transposability permutability
progressivity progressiveness
unchangeability changelessness
unchangeableness changelessness
unchangingness changelessness
stability constancy
invariableness invariability
invariance invariability
humdrum monotony
sameness monotony
unalterability fixedness
mutableness mutability
immutableness immutability
fixity immutability
distinctness otherness
separateness otherness
identicalness identity
indistinguishability identity
unity oneness
homomorphy homomorphism
isomorphy isomorphism
alikeness likeness
similitude likeness
correspondence parallelism
uniformness uniformity
homogeneousness homogeneity
consistence consistency
analog analogue
parallel analogue
compare comparison
equivalence comparison
comparability comparison
reflection mirror_image
reflexion mirror_image
disagreement discrepancy
divergence discrepancy
variance discrepancy
leeway allowance
margin allowance
tolerance allowance
unsimilarity dissimilarity
distinctiveness disparateness
dissimilitude unlikeness
heterogeneousness heterogeneity
diversity diverseness
multifariousness diverseness
variety diverseness
change variety
spread gap
disconnect gulf
disconnection gulf
sure_thing certainty
foregone_conclusion certainty
unavoidability ineluctability
inevitableness inevitability
definiteness determinateness
conclusiveness finality
decisiveness finality
indubitability indisputability
unquestionability indisputability
unquestionableness indisputability
incontrovertibleness incontrovertibility
positivity incontrovertibility
positiveness incontrovertibility
provability demonstrability
likeliness likelihood
uncertainness uncertainty
precariousness uncertainty
dubiousness doubt
doubtfulness doubt
question doubt
indeterminateness indefiniteness
indefinity indefiniteness
indetermination indefiniteness
indeterminacy indefiniteness
improbableness improbability
unlikeliness unlikelihood
factualness factuality
tangibleness tangibility
palpability tangibility
intangibleness intangibility
impalpability intangibility
physicalness materiality
corporeality materiality
corporality materiality
substantialness substantiality
solidness substantiality
incorporeality immateriality
specialness particularity
individualism individuality
individuation individuality
uniqueness singularity
specialness peculiarity
specialty peculiarity
speciality peculiarity
distinctiveness peculiarity
foible idiosyncrasy
mannerism idiosyncrasy
commonness commonality
catholicity universality
simpleness simplicity
complexness complexity
complication complicatedness
knottiness complicatedness
tortuousness complicatedness
elaboration elaborateness
intricacy elaborateness
involution elaborateness
periodicity cyclicity
regular_recurrence rhythm
heart_rhythm cardiac_rhythm
nodal_rhythm atrioventricular_nodal_rhythm
methodicalness orderliness
organisation organization
system organization
invariability evenness
unregularity irregularity
jerkiness fitfulness
intermittency intermittence
wavering fluctuation
haphazardness randomness
stochasticity randomness
noise randomness
variability unevenness
motive_power locomotion
motivity locomotion
movableness movability
manoeuvrability maneuverability
play looseness
slackness slack
ricketiness unsteadiness
unstableness instability
immovableness immovability
tautness tightness
fixedness fastness
fixity fastness
fixture fastness
secureness fastness
lodgement lodgment
lodging lodgment
firmness steadiness
stableness stability
sweetness pleasantness
amenity agreeableness
acridness acridity
unpalatableness unpalatability
unsavoriness disgustingness
odiousness offensiveness
distastefulness offensiveness
repulsiveness loathsomeness
sliminess loathsomeness
vileness loathsomeness
lousiness loathsomeness
wickedness loathsomeness
obnoxiousness hatefulness
objectionableness hatefulness
dreadfulness awfulness
horridness awfulness
terribleness awfulness
grimness ghastliness
gruesomeness ghastliness
luridness ghastliness
credibleness credibility
believability credibility
genuineness authenticity
legitimacy authenticity
real_thing real_mccoy
real_stuff real_mccoy
validity cogency
rigor cogency
rigour cogency
plausibleness plausibility
tenability reasonableness
tenableness reasonableness
incredibleness incredibility
implausibleness implausibility
street_cred street_credibility
cred street_credibility
logicalness logicality
rationalness rationality
illogicalness illogicality
illogic illogicality
inconsequence illogicality
simmpleness simplicity
unassumingness sincerity
spontaneousness spontaneity
informality ease
naturalisation naturalization
pose airs
demureness coyness
preciousness preciosity
theatricality staginess
pretense pretension
pretence pretension
pretension pretentiousness
largeness pretentiousness
supernaturalness supernaturalism
vertu virtu
nutritiveness nutritiousness
salubriousness salubrity
morbidness unwholesomeness
morbidity unwholesomeness
noisomeness harmfulness
noxiousness harmfulness
toxicity perniciousness
lethality deadliness
jejuneness jejunity
rottenness putrescence
insalubriousness insalubrity
adequateness adequacy
acceptableness acceptability
inadequateness inadequacy
perishableness perishability
unacceptableness unacceptability
palatableness palatability
mundaneness ordinariness
mundanity ordinariness
mediocrity averageness
normalcy normality
commonplaceness commonness
everydayness commonness
prosaicness prosiness
surprisingness unexpectedness
strangeness unfamiliarity
queerness oddity
quirk oddity
quirkiness oddity
crotchet oddity
ghostliness eeriness
freakishness abnormality
bizarreness outlandishness
weirdness outlandishness
oddness oddity
strangeness foreignness
curiousness foreignness
exoticness exoticism
exotism exoticism
alienism alienage
autochthony indigenousness
endemism indigenousness
novelty freshness
heterodoxy unorthodoxy
convention conventionality
conventionalism conventionality
conformity ossification
traditionality traditionalism
academicism scholasticism
academism scholasticism
rightness correctness
wrongness incorrectness
error erroneousness
truth accuracy
exactitude exactness
precision preciseness
inexactitude inexactness
imprecision impreciseness
duplicability reproducibility
merit deservingness
meritoriousness deservingness
laudability praiseworthiness
laudableness praiseworthiness
sordidness baseness
contemptibility baseness
despicableness baseness
despicability baseness
disgracefulness shamefulness
ignominiousness shamefulness
validness validity
force effect
invalidness invalidity
outlawry lawlessness
civilization refinement
civilisation refinement
elan dash
flair dash
panache dash
style dash
delicacy daintiness
fineness daintiness
genteelness breeding
gentility breeding
chicness chic
chichi chic
modishness chic
smartness chic
stylishness chic
swank chic
last_word chic
nattiness jauntiness
dapperness jauntiness
rakishness jauntiness
brilliance magnificence
splendor magnificence
splendour magnificence
grandeur magnificence
grandness magnificence
eclat pomp
clumsiness awkwardness
gracelessness awkwardness
stiffness awkwardness
gaucherie rusticity
drabness dowdiness
homeliness dowdiness
seediness shabbiness
manginess shabbiness
sleaziness shabbiness
commonness coarseness
grossness coarseness
vulgarity coarseness
vulgarism coarseness
raunch coarseness
roughness crudeness
uncouthness boorishness
ostentatiousness ostentation
pomposity ostentation
pompousness ostentation
pretentiousness ostentation
puffiness ostentation
splashiness ostentation
inflation ostentation
tackiness cheapness
tat cheapness
sleaze cheapness
garishness flashiness
gaudiness flashiness
loudness flashiness
brashness flashiness
meretriciousness flashiness
tawdriness flashiness
glitz flashiness
understandability comprehensibility
readability legibility
lucidity clarity
lucidness clarity
pellucidity clarity
clearness clarity
limpidity clarity
coherency coherence
clearcutness preciseness
perspicuousness perspicuity
plainness perspicuity
unequivocalness unambiguity
impenetrableness impenetrability
opaqueness opacity
obscurity obscureness
abstruseness obscureness
reconditeness obscureness
equivocalness ambiguity
prevarication equivocation
evasiveness equivocation
lexical_ambiguity polysemy
no_man's_land twilight_zone
rectitude uprightness
piousness piety
religiousness devoutness
religionism religiosity
religiousism religiosity
pietism religiosity
sinfulness sin
wickedness sin
impiousness impiety
irreligion irreligiousness
godlessness ungodliness
mercy mercifulness
pity compassion
kindness forgivingness
leniency lenience
mildness lenience
lenity lenience
inhumanity inhumaneness
atrociousness atrocity
barbarity atrocity
barbarousness atrocity
heinousness atrocity
brutality ferociousness
viciousness ferociousness
savagery ferociousness
unmercifulness mercilessness
ruthlessness pitilessness
inexorability relentlessness
inexorableness relentlessness
generousness generosity
bounteousness bounty
liberalness liberality
largess munificence
largesse munificence
magnanimity munificence
openhandedness munificence
selflessness altruism
minginess meanness
niggardliness meanness
niggardness meanness
parsimony meanness
parsimoniousness meanness
tightness meanness
tightfistedness meanness
closeness meanness
littleness pettiness
smallness pettiness
voraciousness greediness
rapaciousness greediness
egocentrism egoism
self-interest egoism
self-concern egoism
self-centeredness egoism
narcism self-love
narcissism self-love
self-interest opportunism
self-seeking opportunism
expedience opportunism
enterprisingness enterprise
initiative enterprise
go-ahead enterprise
ambitiousness ambition
status_seeking power_hunger
push energy
get-up-and-go energy
fight competitiveness
militance combativeness
militancy combativeness
meddlesomeness intrusiveness
officiousness intrusiveness
nerve boldness
brass boldness
face boldness
cheek boldness
audaciousness audacity
presumptuousness presumption
effrontery presumption
assumption presumption
uppishness uppityness
equity fairness
inequity unfairness
brotherly_love charity
grace_of_God grace
free_grace grace
benignancy benignity
graciousness benignity
considerateness consideration
thoughtfulness consideration
helpfulness kindliness
tactfulness tact
diplomacy delicacy
discreetness delicacy
finesse delicacy
address savoir-faire
malevolency malevolence
malice malevolence
bitchiness cattiness
spite cattiness
spitefulness cattiness
nastiness cattiness
malignancy malignity
malignance malignity
sensitiveness sensitivity
feeler antenna
insensitiveness insensitivity
crassitude crassness
callousness unfeelingness
callosity unfeelingness
hardness unfeelingness
insensibility unfeelingness
cruelness cruelty
harshness cruelty
meanness beastliness
inconsiderateness inconsideration
thoughtlessness inconsideration
mischief maleficence
balefulness maleficence
virtuousness virtue
moral_excellence virtue
supernatural_virtue theological_virtue
goodness good
chastity virtue
sexual_morality virtue
honour honor
purity honor
pureness honor
justness justice
rightfulness right
degeneracy corruption
depravation corruption
depravity corruption
putrefaction corruption
wantonness licentiousness
anomy anomie
evilness evil
wickedness nefariousness
vileness nefariousness
ugliness nefariousness
villainousness villainy
perverseness perversity
wrongdoing error
vice frailty
corruption corruptness
unjustness injustice
wrongfulness wrong
sanctity holiness
sanctitude holiness
unsanctification profaneness
curableness curability
incurableness incurability
courageousness courage
bravery courage
braveness courage
mettle heart
nerve heart
spunk heart
gallantry heroism
valor heroism
valour heroism
valorousness heroism
valiance heroism
valiancy heroism
intrepidity dauntlessness
nervelessness coolness
daring boldness
hardiness boldness
hardihood boldness
venturesomeness adventurousness
daredeviltry daredevilry
audaciousness audacity
temerity audacity
brazenness shamelessness
pluck gutsiness
pluckiness gutsiness
cowardliness cowardice
faintness faintheartedness
timorousness timidity
pusillanimousness pusillanimity
firmness resoluteness
firmness_of_purpose resoluteness
resolve resoluteness
resolution resoluteness
self-possession self-control
possession self-control
willpower self-control
will_power self-control
self-command self-control
self-will self-control
bullheadedness stubbornness
obstinacy stubbornness
obstinance stubbornness
pigheadedness stubbornness
self-will stubbornness
impenitency impenitence
intransigence intransigency
obduracy adamance
unyieldingness adamance
decision decisiveness
purpose determination
perseverance doggedness
persistence doggedness
persistency doggedness
tenacity doggedness
tenaciousness doggedness
pertinacity doggedness
indefatigableness indefatigability
tirelessness indefatigability
industriousness diligence
industry diligence
assiduousness assiduity
concentration assiduity
engrossment intentness
sedulousness sedulity
irresolution irresoluteness
unpredictability volatility
indecision indecisiveness
wholeheartedness heartiness
straightforwardness singleness
falseness insincerity
hollowness insincerity
sanctimony sanctimoniousness
oiliness fulsomeness
oleaginousness fulsomeness
smarminess fulsomeness
unctuousness fulsomeness
unction fulsomeness
honourableness honorableness
honour honor
venerableness venerability
incorruption incorruptness
nobleness nobility
magnanimousness nobility
grandeur nobility
idealism high-mindedness
noble-mindedness high-mindedness
reputability respectability
honestness honesty
candour candor
candidness candor
frankness candor
directness candor
forthrightness candor
straightness good_faith
maternalism motherliness
maternal_quality motherliness
maternity motherliness
paternal_quality fatherliness
dishonourableness dishonorableness
ignobility ignobleness
dishonour dishonor
disreputability unrespectability
disreputableness unrespectability
obliquity deceptiveness
meretriciousness speciousness
deceit fraudulence
deviousness crookedness
shiftiness rascality
slipperiness rascality
trickiness rascality
larcenous thievishness
deceitfulness craftiness
guile craftiness
faithfulness fidelity
trueness loyalty
staunchness steadfastness
fealty allegiance
nationalism patriotism
jingoism chauvinism
superpatriotism chauvinism
ultranationalism chauvinism
unfaithfulness infidelity
falseness faithlessness
fickleness faithlessness
inconstancy faithlessness
subversiveness treason
traitorousness treason
perfidiousness perfidy
treachery perfidy
worldliness sophistication
mundaneness sophistication
mundanity sophistication
naivety naivete
naiveness naivete
innocence artlessness
ingenuousness artlessness
naturalness artlessness
gullibility credulousness
simpleness simplicity
simple_mindedness simplicity
self-denial self-discipline
asceticism austerity
nonindulgence austerity
abstention abstinence
continency continence
control restraint
temperateness self-restraint
moderation temperance
dryness sobriety
tabu taboo
undiscipline indiscipline
self-indulgence indulgence
incontinence dissoluteness
self-gratification dissoluteness
wantonness abandon
unconstraint abandon
rabidity madness
rabidness madness
hoggishness greediness
piggishness greediness
esurience edacity
rapaciousness edacity
rapacity edacity
voracity edacity
voraciousness edacity
civic_spirit civic_pride
self-respect dignity
self-regard dignity
self-worth dignity
conceitedness conceit
vanity conceit
vainglory boastfulness
self-importance egotism
swelled_head egotism
haughtiness arrogance
hauteur arrogance
high-handedness arrogance
lordliness arrogance
superciliousness condescension
disdainfulness condescension
domineeringness imperiousness
overbearingness imperiousness
snobbism snobbery
snobbishness snobbery
cliquishness clannishness
exclusiveness clannishness
humbleness humility
subduedness meekness
wiseness wisdom
sagacity judiciousness
sagaciousness judiciousness
knowledgeableness knowledgeability
initiation knowledgeability
statecraft statesmanship
diplomacy statesmanship
discernment discretion
caution circumspection
foolishness folly
unwiseness folly
injudiciousness indiscretion
fatuity absurdity
fatuousness absurdity
silliness absurdity
judgement judgment
sound_judgment judgment
sound_judgement judgment
perspicacity judgment
objectiveness objectivity
subjectiveness subjectivity
foresightedness foresight
foresightfulness foresight
frugalness frugality
parsimoniousness parsimony
thrift parsimony
penny-pinching parsimony
thriftiness economy
mindlessness heedlessness
rashness heedlessness
shortsightedness improvidence
prodigality extravagance
profligacy extravagance
waste thriftlessness
wastefulness thriftlessness
trustingness trust
trustfulness trust
distrustfulness distrust
mistrust distrust
suspiciousness suspicion
neatness tidiness
sluttishness slatternliness
messiness untidiness
disorderliness disarray
demeanour demeanor
behavior demeanor
behaviour demeanor
conduct demeanor
deportment demeanor
properness propriety
correctitude propriety
decorousness decorum
rightness appropriateness
impeccability faultlessness
political_correctitude political_correctness
primness priggishness
reserve modesty
grace seemliness
modestness modesty
prudishness primness
prudery primness
Grundyism primness
improperness impropriety
wrongness inappropriateness
raciness gaminess
ribaldry gaminess
spiciness gaminess
indecorousness indecorum
enormity outrageousness
lewdness obscenity
bawdiness obscenity
salaciousness obscenity
salacity obscenity
dirtiness smuttiness
calm composure
calmness composure
equanimity composure
assuredness aplomb
cool aplomb
poise aplomb
sang-froid aplomb
quiet repose
placidity repose
serenity repose
tranquillity repose
tranquility repose
unease disquiet
uneasiness disquiet
fluster perturbation
tractableness tractability
flexibility tractability
manageableness manageability
domestication tameness
amenableness amenability
cooperativeness amenability
servility obsequiousness
subservience obsequiousness
passiveness passivity
intractableness intractability
unmanageableness refractoriness
recalcitrance refractoriness
recalcitrancy refractoriness
rebelliousness defiance
fractiousness unruliness
willfulness unruliness
wilfulness unruliness
obstinacy stubbornness
obstinance stubbornness
mulishness stubbornness
perversity contrariness
perverseness contrariness
orneriness cussedness
mischievousness naughtiness
badness naughtiness
rascality prankishness
roguishness prankishness
personal_manner manner
comportment bearing
presence bearing
mien bearing
lordliness dignity
gravitas dignity
dandyism foppishness
softness gentleness
mildness gentleness
formalness formality
familiarity casualness
good_manners courtesy
niceness politeness
suaveness suavity
blandness suavity
smoothness suavity
gallantry chivalry
politesse chivalry
respect deference
respectfulness deference
rudeness discourtesy
ill-breeding bad_manners
crudity crudeness
gaucheness crudeness
brusqueness abruptness
curtness abruptness
gruffness abruptness
shortness abruptness
disrespect contempt
gall crust
impertinence crust
impudence crust
insolence crust
cheekiness crust
freshness crust
chutzpah chutzpa
hutzpah chutzpa
symmetry isotropy
device_characteristic characteristic
straightness directness
straightforwardness downrightness
immediateness immediacy
mediateness mediacy
obliqueness deviousness
ruralism rurality
wave-particle_duality duality
genetic_endowment heredity
heritage inheritance
training education
breeding education
rearing raising
nurture raising
hereditary_pattern inheritance
hybrid_vigor heterosis
lineage ancestry
derivation ancestry
filiation ancestry
gene_linkage linkage
descent origin
extraction origin
bloodline pedigree
fertilization_age fetal_age
gestational_age fetal_age
superannuation obsoleteness
antiquity ancientness
time_of_origin vintage
recentness recency
senescence agedness
seniority longevity
must mustiness
moldiness mustiness
youthfulness youth
juvenility youth
puerility childishness
mode manner
style manner
way manner
fashion manner
idiom artistic_style
life-style life_style
lifestyle life_style
modus_vivendi life_style
signature touch
architecture computer_architecture
complex_instruction_set_computer complex_instruction_set_computing
CISC complex_instruction_set_computing
reduced_instruction_set_computer reduced_instruction_set_computing
RISC reduced_instruction_set_computing
cytoarchitectonics cytoarchitecture
fabric framework
composition constitution
physical_composition constitution
makeup constitution
make-up constitution
genetic_constitution genotype
grain texture
consistence consistency
eubstance consistency
body consistency
viscousness viscosity
adhesion adhesiveness
adherence adhesiveness
bond adhesiveness
glueyness cohesiveness
gluiness cohesiveness
gumminess cohesiveness
tackiness cohesiveness
ropiness cohesiveness
viscidity cohesiveness
viscidness cohesiveness
glutinosity gelatinousness
glutinousness gelatinousness
soupiness creaminess
fluidness fluidity
liquidity fluidity
liquidness fluidity
runniness fluidity
squeezability compressibility
sponginess compressibility
featheriness downiness
fluffiness downiness
limpness flabbiness
flaccidity flabbiness
pulpiness mushiness
crispness brittleness
crispiness brittleness
friability crumbliness
porousness porosity
permeableness permeability
perviousness penetrability
solidness solidity
denseness density
vapour_density vapor_density
impermeableness impermeability
retentivity retentiveness
retention retentiveness
imperviousness impenetrability
propensity aptness
inclination tendency
negativity electronegativity
hungriness hunger
thirst hunger
thirstiness hunger
avariciousness avarice
covetousness avarice
cupidity avarice
retentivity retentiveness
feel tactile_property
sleekness silkiness
slick slickness
slipperiness slickness
slip slickness
powderiness fineness
raggedness roughness
nubbiness coarseness
tweediness coarseness
knot slub
burl slub
abrasiveness harshness
scratchiness harshness
graininess coarseness
granularity coarseness
bristliness prickliness
spininess prickliness
thorniness prickliness
woodgrain wood_grain
woodiness wood_grain
woodgraining graining
marbleisation marbleization
marbleizing marbleization
marbleising marbleization
lightness light
aureole aura
halo aura
nimbus aura
glory aura
gloriole aura
highlighting highlight
blaze glare
brilliance glare
glister glitter
glisten glitter
scintillation glitter
sparkle glitter
twinkle sparkle
spark sparkle
light sparkle
iridescence opalescence
radiancy radiance
shine radiance
effulgence radiance
refulgence radiance
refulgency radiance
gleaming gleam
glow gleam
lambency gleam
sheen shininess
luster shininess
lustre shininess
lustre luster
brilliancy luster
splendor luster
splendour luster
gloss polish
glossiness polish
burnish polish
subduedness dimness
lusterlessness flatness
lustrelessness flatness
mat flatness
matt flatness
matte flatness
colour color
coloring color
colouring color
primary_colour primary_color
primary_colour_for_pigments primary_color_for_pigments
primary_colour_for_light primary_color_for_light
primary_subtractive_colour_for_light primary_subtractive_color_for_light
heather heather_mixture
colourlessness colorlessness
achromatism colorlessness
achromaticity colorlessness
tint shade
tincture shade
tone shade
tinge undertone
chromatic_colour chromatic_color
spectral_color chromatic_color
spectral_colour chromatic_color
achromatic_colour achromatic_color
blackness black
inkiness black
ebony coal_black
jet_black coal_black
pitch_black coal_black
sable coal_black
soot_black coal_black
whiteness white
ivory bone
pearl bone
off-white bone
hoariness frostiness
grayness gray
grey gray
greyness gray
ash_gray ash_grey
silver ash_grey
silver_grey ash_grey
silver_gray ash_grey
charcoal_grey charcoal
charcoal_gray charcoal
oxford_grey charcoal
oxford_gray charcoal
dapple-gray dapple-grey
dappled-grey dapple-grey
dappled-gray dapple-grey
iron-gray iron-grey
tattletale_gray tattletale_grey
redness red
alizarine_red turkey_red
carmine cardinal
ruby crimson
deep_red crimson
wine-colored wine
wine-coloured wine
purplish-red purplish_red
cherry cerise
cherry_red cerise
vermilion scarlet
orange_red scarlet
orangeness orange
yellowness yellow
blonde blond
canary canary_yellow
gold amber
lemon gamboge
lemon_yellow gamboge
maize gamboge
saffron orange_yellow
ochre ocher
straw pale_yellow
wheat pale_yellow
greenness green
viridity green
olive-green olive_green
yellowish_green yellow_green
chartreuse yellow_green
Paris_green yellow_green
pea_green yellow_green
blue_green bluish_green
teal bluish_green
jade jade_green
blueness blue
cerulean azure
sapphire azure
lazuline azure
sky-blue azure
navy dark_blue
navy_blue dark_blue
aqua greenish_blue
aquamarine greenish_blue
turquoise greenish_blue
cobalt_blue greenish_blue
peacock_blue greenish_blue
royal_blue purplish_blue
purpleness purple
royal_purple reddish_purple
reddish_blue violet
rosiness rose
purplish_pink solferino
apricot yellowish_pink
peach yellowish_pink
salmon_pink yellowish_pink
brownness brown
coffee chocolate
deep_brown chocolate
umber chocolate
burnt_umber chocolate
topaz tan
greyish_brown dun
grayish_brown dun
fawn dun
ecru beige
sepia reddish_brown
burnt_sienna reddish_brown
Venetian_red reddish_brown
mahogany reddish_brown
copper_color copper
raw_sienna yellowish_brown
buff yellowish_brown
caramel yellowish_brown
caramel_brown yellowish_brown
drab olive_drab
snuff-colour snuff-color
chromaticity hue
chroma saturation
intensity saturation
vividness saturation
pallidity paleness
complementary complementary_color
colouration coloration
skin_color complexion
skin_colour complexion
blondness paleness
fairness paleness
rosiness ruddiness
lividity lividness
luridness lividness
paleness lividness
pallidness lividness
pallor lividness
wanness lividness
achromasia lividness
duskiness darkness
swarthiness darkness
nonsolid_colour nonsolid_color
dithered_color nonsolid_color
dithered_colour nonsolid_color
warning_coloration aposematic_coloration
smell olfactory_property
aroma olfactory_property
odor olfactory_property
odour olfactory_property
scent olfactory_property
fragrance bouquet
fragrancy bouquet
redolence bouquet
sweetness bouquet
stinkiness malodorousness
foulness malodorousness
rankness malodorousness
fetidness malodorousness
body_odour body_odor
B.O. body_odor
racketiness noisiness
quiet silence
stillness hush
still hush
soundlessness quietness
musicalness musicality
lyricism lyricality
songfulness lyricality
tunefulness melodiousness
harmoniousness consonance
discord discordance
inharmoniousness disharmony
philharmonic_pitch concert_pitch
international_pitch concert_pitch
high_frequency high_pitch
treble soprano
low_frequency low_pitch
timber timbre
quality timbre
tone timbre
colour color
coloration color
colouration color
roughness harshness
hoarseness gruffness
huskiness gruffness
mellowness fullness
richness fullness
nasal_twang twang
resonance plangency
reverberance plangency
ringing plangency
sonorousness plangency
sonority plangency
vibrancy plangency
stridence shrillness
stridency shrillness
loudness volume
intensity volume
fortissimo forte
diminuendo decrescendo
pianissimo piano
metre meter
time meter
cadency cadence
swing lilt
spice spiciness
spicery spiciness
bite pungency
sharpness pungency
raciness pungency
piquance nip
piquancy nip
piquantness nip
tang nip
tanginess nip
zest nip
pepperiness hotness
salinity brininess
sour sourness
acidity sourness
tartness acerbity
vinegarishness vinegariness
sweet sweetness
bitter bitterness
acridness acridity
palatableness palatability
tastiness pleasingness
appetisingness appetizingness
deliciousness delectability
lusciousness delectability
toothsomeness delectability
flavoursomeness flavorsomeness
savoriness flavorsomeness
sapidness sapidity
succulency succulence
juiciness succulence
unpalatableness unpalatability
distastefulness disgustingness
nauseatingness disgustingness
sickeningness disgustingness
unsavoriness disgustingness
unappetisingness unappetizingness
flavourlessness flavorlessness
savorlessness flavorlessness
savourlessness flavorlessness
tastelessness flavorlessness
insipidity blandness
insipidness blandness
edibleness edibility
digestibleness digestibility
indigestibleness indigestibility
dominance laterality
build physique
body-build physique
habitus physique
squattiness dumpiness
somatotype body_type
ectomorphy asthenic_type
pyknic_type endomorphy
mesomorphy athletic_type
fat fatness
blubber fatness
avoirdupois fatness
adiposeness adiposity
fattiness adiposity
paunchiness abdominousness
oiliness greasiness
oleaginousness greasiness
obesity fleshiness
corpulency fleshiness
overweight corpulence
stoutness corpulence
adiposis corpulence
embonpoint plumpness
roundness plumpness
pudginess chubbiness
tubbiness chubbiness
rolypoliness chubbiness
thinness leanness
spareness leanness
scrawniness skinniness
boniness bonyness
emaciation bonyness
gauntness bonyness
maceration bonyness
slightness slenderness
slimness slenderness
height stature
bearing carriage
posture carriage
manner_of_walking walk
gracility grace
legerity agility
lightness agility
lightsomeness agility
nimbleness agility
litheness lissomeness
suppleness lissomeness
clumsiness awkwardness
ungracefulness gracelessness
ungainliness gawkiness
aliveness animateness
liveness animateness
vitality animation
lifelessness inanimateness
gender sex
sexuality sex
sexual_characteristic sex_characteristic
sex_character sex_characteristic
primary_sexual_characteristic primary_sex_characteristic
primary_sex_character primary_sex_characteristic
secondary_sexual_characteristic secondary_sex_characteristic
secondary_sex_character secondary_sex_characteristic
sexlessness asexuality
masculinity maleness
hermaphroditism androgyny
bisexuality androgyny
feminineness femaleness
absorption_factor absorptivity
solubleness dissolubility
reflexion reflection
reflectivity reflection
reverberation echo
sound_reflection echo
replication echo
deflexion deflection
bending deflection
wind_deflection windage
refractiveness refractivity
total_heat heat_content
enthalpy heat_content
H heat_content
entropy randomness
S randomness
Curie_point curie_temperature
flashpoint flash_point
melting_point freezing_point
boil boiling_point
basal_temperature basal_body_temperature
blood_heat body_temperature
cold coldness
low_temperature coldness
frigidity coldness
frigidness coldness
iciness chill
gelidity chill
coolness chilliness
nip chilliness
heat hotness
high_temperature hotness
incalescence calefaction
red_heat fieriness
warmness warmth
tepidity lukewarmness
tepidness lukewarmness
visibleness visibility
invisibleness invisibility
brightness luminosity
brightness_level luminosity
luminance luminosity
luminousness luminosity
light luminosity
illumination illuminance
glow luminescence
audibleness audibility
inaudibleness inaudibility
sensitiveness sensitivity
magnetisation magnetization
snap elasticity
resiliency resilience
bounciness bounce
spring give
springiness give
stretchiness stretch
stretchability stretch
toughness temper
plasticity malleability
ductileness ductility
fibrousness fibrosity
flexibleness flexibility
pliability bendability
pliantness pliancy
suppleness pliancy
rigidness rigidity
inflexibleness inflexibility
atomic_weight atomic_mass
relative_atomic_mass atomic_mass
relative_molecular_mass molecular_weight
equivalent_weight equivalent
combining_weight equivalent
eq equivalent
meq milliequivalent
weightiness heaviness
heftiness heft
massiveness heft
ponderousness heft
ponderosity heft
weightlessness lightness
buoyancy airiness
brawniness brawn
muscle brawn
muscularity brawn
sinew brawn
heftiness brawn
mightiness might
power might
vigour vigor
dynamism vigor
heartiness vigor
hardiness robustness
lustiness robustness
validity robustness
ruggedness huskiness
toughness huskiness
littleness smallness
stalwartness stoutness
soundness firmness
invincibility indomitability
grit backbone
guts backbone
moxie backbone
sand backbone
gumption backbone
staying_power stamina
toughness stamina
long-suffering long-sufferance
effectiveness potency
strength potency
valency valence
covalency covalence
valency valence
forcefulness force
strength force
impulse momentum
vigor energy
vigour energy
zip energy
strenuosity athleticism
intensiveness intensity
severity badness
severeness badness
raininess foulness
distressfulness seriousness
emphasis vehemence
fierceness ferocity
furiousness ferocity
fury ferocity
vehemence ferocity
violence ferocity
wildness ferocity
savagery savageness
titre titer
pH_scale ph
molal_concentration molality
molar_concentration molarity
M molarity
tenuity feebleness
shoddiness flimsiness
delicacy fragility
lassitude inanition
lethargy inanition
slackness inanition
weak_spot weak_part
soft_spot weak_part
defencelessness defenselessness
unprotectedness defenselessness
breakability fragility
frangibleness fragility
frangibility fragility
wind_exposure windage
solarisation solarization
temporal_order temporal_arrangement
chronological_sequence sequence
succession sequence
successiveness sequence
chronological_succession sequence
pelting rain
approaching approach
coming approach
antecedence priority
antecedency priority
anteriority priority
precedence priority
precedency priority
subsequentness posteriority
subsequence posteriority
promptness punctuality
simultaneousness simultaneity
coincidence concurrence
conjunction concurrence
co-occurrence concurrence
contemporaneousness contemporaneity
timeliness seasonableness
untimeliness unseasonableness
recentness recency
nowness presentness
currency currentness
up-to-dateness currentness
modernness modernity
modernism modernity
contemporaneity modernity
contemporaneousness modernity
lead spark_advance
length duration
length_of_service longevity
prolongation lengthiness
continuation lengthiness
protraction lengthiness
ceaselessness continuousness
incessancy continuousness
incessantness continuousness
briefness brevity
transience brevity
permanency permanence
sempiternity perpetuity
durability lastingness
enduringness lastingness
strength lastingness
persistence continuity
imperishableness imperishability
imperishingness imperishability
impermanency impermanence
transiency transience
transitoriness transience
fugaciousness fugacity
ephemeralness ephemerality
fleetingness ephemerality
audio_frequency audio
infrared_frequency infrared
ELF extremely_low_frequency
VLF very_low_frequency
LF low_frequency
MF medium_frequency
HF high_frequency
VHF very_high_frequency
UHF ultrahigh_frequency
SHF superhigh_frequency
EHF extremely_high_frequency
swiftness speed
fastness speed
rate pace
quickness celerity
rapidity celerity
rapidness celerity
speediness celerity
immediateness immediacy
instantaneousness immediacy
instancy immediacy
despatch dispatch
expedition dispatch
expeditiousness dispatch
promptitude promptness
hastiness haste
hurry haste
hurriedness haste
precipitation haste
precipitateness abruptness
precipitousness abruptness
precipitance abruptness
precipitancy abruptness
suddenness abruptness
getaway pickup
slowing deceleration
retardation deceleration
gradualness graduality
deliberation slowness
deliberateness slowness
unhurriedness slowness
procrastination dilatoriness
spatiality spatial_property
linearity one-dimensionality
flatness two-dimensionality
planeness two-dimensionality
third-dimensionality three-dimensionality
form shape
configuration shape
contour shape
conformation shape
symmetricalness symmetry
correspondence symmetry
balance symmetry
geometrical_regularity regularity
bilateralism bilaterality
bilateral_symmetry bilaterality
dissymmetry asymmetry
imbalance asymmetry
geometrical_irregularity irregularity
skewness lopsidedness
directionality directivity
directiveness directivity
laterality handedness
ambidextrousness ambidexterity
sinistrality left-handedness
dextrality right-handedness
list tilt
inclination tilt
lean tilt
leaning tilt
slope gradient
rise upgrade
rising_slope upgrade
rake pitch
slant pitch
precipitousness abruptness
steepness abruptness
gentleness gradualness
concaveness concavity
convexness convexity
bulginess roundedness
ellipticity oblateness
pointedness point
oblongness rectangularity
curve curvature
sphericalness sphericity
globosity sphericity
globularness sphericity
rotundity sphericity
rotundness sphericity
cylindricalness cylindricality
disk_shape circularity
waviness curliness
spatial_relation position
arrangement placement
composing composition
proportionality proportion
balance proportion
dead_centre dead_center
externality outwardness
misplacement malposition
verticalness verticality
erectness verticality
uprightness verticality
posture position
attitude position
sprawling sprawl
uprightness erectness
spatial_arrangement spacing
remoteness farness
farawayness farness
closeness nearness
propinquity proximity
contiguity adjacency
contiguousness adjacency
focal_length focal_distance
dispersion distribution
complementation complementary_distribution
diffusion dissemination
spread scatter
density concentration
denseness concentration
tightness concentration
compactness concentration
bpi bits_per_inch
flux flux_density
transmission_density optical_density
photographic_density optical_density
absorbance optical_density
tenuity rarity
low_density rarity
separation interval
dimension proportion
order_of_magnitude order
selective_information information
entropy information
chance probability
contingent_probability conditional_probability
sporting_chance fair_chance
slim_chance fat_chance
risk_of_exposure risk
risk_of_infection risk
grade degree
level degree
profoundness profundity
shallowness superficiality
slickness glibness
eightvo octavo
8vo octavo
4to quarto
background_level noise_level
mass bulk
volume bulk
strength intensity
intensity_level intensity
field_intensity field_strength
magnetic_intensity magnetic_field_strength
magnetic_induction magnetic_field_strength
magnetic_flux_density magnetic_field_strength
light_intensity candlepower
sound_pressure_level acoustic_power
perimeter circumference
diam diameter
r radius
centre_of_curvature center_of_curvature
osculating_circle circle_of_curvature
gauge bore
caliber bore
calibre bore
tenuity thinness
slenderness thinness
bigness largeness
massiveness bulkiness
grandness enormousness
greatness enormousness
immenseness enormousness
immensity enormousness
sizeableness enormousness
vastness enormousness
wideness enormousness
roominess capaciousness
spaciousness capaciousness
commodiousness capaciousness
voluminosity fullness
voluminousness fullness
giantism gigantism
extensiveness largeness
littleness smallness
minuteness diminutiveness
petiteness diminutiveness
tininess diminutiveness
weeness diminutiveness
slightness delicacy
runtiness puniness
stuntedness puniness
positiveness positivity
negativeness negativity
increment increase
gain amplification
accompaniment complement
decrement decrease
rise raise
wage_hike raise
hike raise
wage_increase raise
salary_increase raise
boost rise
hike rise
cost_increase rise
supplementation supplement
tax_boost tax-increase
tax_hike tax-increase
dip drop
fall drop
free_fall drop
turnover dollar_volume
closeness stuffiness
adequacy sufficiency
inadequacy insufficiency
deficiency insufficiency
meagreness meagerness
leanness meagerness
poorness meagerness
scantiness meagerness
scantness meagerness
exiguity meagerness
shortage deficit
shortfall deficit
spareness sparseness
sparsity sparseness
thinness sparseness
copiousness abundance
teemingness abundance
bountifulness amplitude
bounty amplitude
plentifulness plenty
plenteousness plenty
plenitude plenty
plentitude plenty
profuseness profusion
richness profusion
cornucopia profusion
lushness luxuriance
voluptuousness luxuriance
verdancy greenness
verdure greenness
scarceness scarcity
paucity dearth
rareness rarity
infrequency rarity
moderateness moderation
immoderateness immoderation
excessiveness excess
inordinateness excess
SPF sun_protection_factor
extravagancy extravagance
outrageousness exorbitance
overmuch overabundance
overmuchness overabundance
superabundance overabundance
surplus excess
surplusage excess
nimiety excess
oversupply glut
surfeit glut
plethora overplus
superfluity overplus
embarrassment overplus
redundance redundancy
deadwood fifth_wheel
safety_margin margin_of_safety
margin_of_error margin_of_safety
narrowness narrow_margin
slimness narrow_margin
figure number
numerosity numerousness
multiplicity numerousness
prevalence preponderance
countlessness innumerableness
bulk majority
bound limit
boundary limit
absoluteness starkness
utterness starkness
heat_barrier thermal_barrier
uttermost utmost
maximum utmost
level_best utmost
brink verge
range scope
reach scope
orbit scope
compass scope
ambit scope
ballpark approximate_range
internationalism internationality
head_voice head_register
head_tone head_register
chest_voice chest_register
chest_tone chest_register
view horizon
purview horizon
expanse sweep
pallet palette
expanse area
surface_area area
land_area acreage
length distance
wingspread wingspan
minute hour
milage mileage
height altitude
ground_level grade
service_ceiling combat_ceiling
lengthiness extension
prolongation extension
deepness depth
profundity deepness
profoundness deepness
draught draft
breadth width
broadness wideness
heaviness thickness
thinness fineness
tallness height
loftiness highness
stubbiness squatness
truncation shortness
virtue merit
fault demerit
ineptitude worthlessness
idleness groundlessness
sorriness paltriness
trashiness shoddiness
darn damn
hoot damn
red_cent damn
shit damn
shucks damn
tinker's_damn damn
tinker's_dam damn
emptiness vanity
preciousness invaluableness
pricelessness invaluableness
valuableness invaluableness
desirableness desirability
goodness good
welfare benefit
reward advantage
interest sake
badness bad
price monetary_value
cost monetary_value
incremental_cost marginal_cost
differential_cost marginal_cost
dearness costliness
preciousness costliness
luxury lavishness
sumptuosity lavishness
sumptuousness lavishness
moderateness reasonableness
modestness reasonableness
cheapness bargain_rate
cut_rate bargain_rate
cut_price bargain_rate
fecundity fruitfulness
rankness richness
prolificacy richness
fertility richness
productivity productiveness
aridity fruitlessness
barrenness fruitlessness
usefulness utility
detergence detergency
purpose function
role function
use function
help avail
service avail
serviceableness serviceability
usableness serviceability
useableness serviceability
usability serviceability
uselessness inutility
unusefulness inutility
pragmatism realism
practicableness practicability
feasibleness feasibility
quixotism knight_errantry
impracticableness impracticability
unfeasibility infeasibility
competency competence
incompetency incompetence
plus asset
assistance aid
help aid
refuge recourse
resort recourse
vantage advantage
favour favor
clout pull
head_start start
gain profit
profitability profitableness
gainfulness profitableness
lucrativeness profitableness
expediency expedience
favorable_position superiority
favourable_position superiority
whip_hand upper_hand
strong_suit forte
long_suit forte
metier forte
specialty forte
speciality forte
strong_point forte
strength forte
green_fingers green_thumb
commonweal common_good
wiseness wisdom
soundness wisdom
favourableness favorableness
advantageousness favorableness
positivity favorableness
positiveness favorableness
profitableness favorableness
propitiousness auspiciousness
unfavourableness unfavorableness
unpropitiousness inauspiciousness
shortcoming defect
nuisance_value awkwardness
deprivation loss
cost price
toll price
gimmick catch
unfavorable_position inferiority
inexpediency inexpedience
unprofitability unprofitableness
injuriousness harmfulness
virulency virulence
positiveness positivity
positivism positivity
self-assertiveness assertiveness
cockiness bumptiousness
pushiness bumptiousness
forwardness bumptiousness
negativeness negativity
negativism negativity
illustriousness greatness
sense_of_purpose purposefulness
import consequence
moment consequence
essentialness essentiality
indispensableness indispensability
vitalness indispensability
sharpness edge
instancy imperativeness
weightiness weight
dispensableness dispensability
triviality pettiness
slightness pettiness
puniness pettiness
senselessness inanity
mindlessness inanity
vacuity inanity
pointlessness inanity
aimlessness purposelessness
title claim
access entree
accession entree
admission entree
admittance entree
authorization authority
authorisation authority
sanction authority
conjugal_visitation conjugal_visitation_right
pre-emption preemption
pre-emption preemption
privilege prerogative
perquisite prerogative
exclusive_right prerogative
husband-wife_privilege marital_communications_privilege
claim title
privilege_against_self_incrimination freedom_from_self-incrimination
vote right_to_vote
suffrage right_to_vote
enfranchisement franchise
riparian_right water_right
enjoyment use
powerfulness power
strength persuasiveness
irresistibleness irresistibility
interestingness interest
news newsworthiness
colour color
vividness color
chokehold stranglehold
throttlehold stranglehold
dead_hand_of_the_past dead_hand
mortmain dead_hand
grasp grip
repellant repellent
authorization authority
authorisation authority
potency authority
dominance authority
say-so authority
jurisdiction legal_power
discretion free_will
effectivity effectiveness
effectualness effectiveness
effectuality effectiveness
trenchancy incisiveness
efficaciousness efficacy
magical_power magical_ability
stypsis astringency
capableness capability
military_strength military_capability
strength military_capability
military_posture military_capability
posture military_capability
performance_capability operating_capability
impotence powerlessness
impotency powerlessness
weakness helplessness
impuissance helplessness
dreariness boringness
insipidness boringness
insipidity boringness
tedium tediousness
tiresomeness tediousness
jejuneness jejunity
tameness jejunity
vapidity jejunity
vapidness jejunity
heaviness ponderousness
unfitness inability
incapableness incapability
ineffectualness ineffectiveness
ineffectuality ineffectiveness
inefficaciousness inefficacy
romance romanticism
infinitude infiniteness
unboundedness infiniteness
boundlessness infiniteness
limitlessness infiniteness
finitude finiteness
boundedness finiteness
measurability quantifiability
voluptuousness hot_stuff
humour humor
poignancy pathos
brachycephalism brachycephaly
dolichocephalism dolichocephaly
deadness unresponsiveness
frigidness frigidity
totipotence totipotency
solubility solvability
insolubility unsolvability
woodsiness woodiness
organic_structure body
physical_structure body
physical_body human_body
material_body human_body
soma human_body
build human_body
figure human_body
physique human_body
anatomy human_body
shape human_body
bod human_body
chassis human_body
frame human_body
form human_body
flesh human_body
dead_body body
corpse cadaver
stiff cadaver
clay cadaver
remains cadaver
woman's_body adult_female_body
man's_body adult_male_body
annexa adnexa
region area
vallecula groove
Rolando's_fissure fissure_of_rolando
central_sulcus fissure_of_rolando
sulcus_centralis fissure_of_rolando
Sylvian_fissure fissure_of_sylvius
lateral_cerebral_sulcus fissure_of_sylvius
sulcus_lateralis_cerebri fissure_of_sylvius
parieto-occipital_fissure parieto-occipital_sulcus
calcarine_fissure calcarine_sulcus
hilum hilus
anatomical_structure structure
complex_body_part structure
bodily_structure structure
body_structure structure
trigonum_cerebrale fornix
mammillary_body mamillary_body
corpus_mamillare mamillary_body
chiasm chiasma
decussation chiasma
optic_chiasm optic_chiasma
chiasma_opticum optic_chiasma
radiatio_optica optic_radiation
filum filament
fibre fiber
auricular_point auriculare
mesophyron glabella
jugal_point jugale
orbital_point orbitale
prostheon prosthion
alveolar_point prosthion
rete plexus
plexus_autonomici autonomic_plexus
case sheath
tegument skin
cutis skin
epithelial_tissue epithelium
cuticle epidermis
columnar_epithelial_cell columnar_cell
cuboidal_epithelial_cell cuboidal_cell
corneum stratum_corneum
horny_layer stratum_corneum
stratum_basale stratum_germinativum
malpighian_layer stratum_germinativum
rete_Malpighii stratum_germinativum
corium dermis
derma dermis
pallium mantle
amyloid_protein_plaque amyloid_plaque
bacterial_plaque dental_plaque
macula macule
lentigo freckle
milium whitehead
comedo blackhead
tube-shaped_structure tube
uriniferous_tubule nephron
malpighian_corpuscle malpighian_body
renal_corpuscle malpighian_body
glomerular_capsule bowman's_capsule
capsula_glomeruli bowman's_capsule
tomentum_cerebri tomentum
passageway passage
acoustic_meatus auditory_meatus
ear_canal auditory_meatus
auditory_canal auditory_meatus
external_auditory_canal auditory_meatus
deltoid_eminence deltoid_tuberosity
vertebral_canal spinal_canal
canalis_vertebralis spinal_canal
inosculation anastomosis
opening orifice
porta orifice
epithelial_duct duct
canal duct
channel duct
ductulus ductule
Schlemm's_canal canal_of_schlemm
sinus_venosus_sclerae canal_of_schlemm
sinus venous_sinus
sinus_cavernosus cavernous_sinus
sinus_coronarius coronary_sinus
sinus_sigmoideus sigmoid_sinus
tentorial_sinus straight_sinus
sinus_rectus straight_sinus
sinus_transversus transverse_sinus
ethmoidal_sinus ethmoid_sinus
sinus_ethmoidales ethmoid_sinus
sinus_paranasales paranasal_sinus
nasal_sinus paranasal_sinus
loculus locule
pilus hair
pile down
head_of_hair mane
parting part
hairstyle hairdo
hair_style hairdo
coiffure hairdo
coif hairdo
curl lock
ringlet lock
whorl lock
kiss_curl spit_curl
Afro_hairdo afro
fringe bang
plait braid
tress braid
twist braid
permanent permanent_wave
perm permanent_wave
flattop crew_cut
mohawk_haircut mohawk
face_fungus beard
whiskers beard
imperial_beard imperial
moustache mustache
toothbrush soup-strainer
moustachio mustachio
handle-bars mustachio
walrus_moustache walrus_mustache
burnside sideburn
mutton_chop sideburn
side-whiskers sideburn
vandyke vandyke_beard
Attilio soul_patch
bush pubic_hair
crotch_hair pubic_hair
cytologic_smear smear
cytosmear smear
duodenal_smear paraduodenal_smear
Pap_smear cervical_smear
Papanicolaou_smear cervical_smear
bronchoscopic_smear lower_respiratory_tract_smear
sputum_smear lower_respiratory_tract_smear
band isthmus
fat adipose_tissue
fatty_tissue adipose_tissue
os bone
astragal anklebone
astragalus anklebone
talus anklebone
carpal carpal_bone
wrist_bone carpal_bone
os_scaphoideum scaphoid_bone
navicular scaphoid_bone
semilunar_bone lunate_bone
os_lunatum lunate_bone
triquetral_bone triquetral
os_triquetrum triquetral
cuneiform_bone triquetral
pyramidal_bone triquetral
pisiform_bone pisiform
os_pisiforme pisiform
trapezium_bone trapezium
os_trapezium trapezium
trapezoid_bone trapezoid
os_trapezoideum trapezoid
capitate_bone capitate
os_capitatum capitate
hamate_bone hamate
unciform_bone hamate
os_hamatum hamate
zygomatic_bone cheekbone
zygomatic cheekbone
malar cheekbone
malar_bone cheekbone
jugal_bone cheekbone
os_zygomaticum cheekbone
collarbone clavicle
tail_bone coccyx
dentin dentine
ethmoid_bone ethmoid
calcaneus heelbone
os_tarsi_fibulare heelbone
innominate_bone hipbone
hyoid_bone hyoid
os_hyoideum hyoid
ischial_bone ischium
os_ischii ischium
os_longum long_bone
mandible lower_jaw
mandibula lower_jaw
mandibular_bone lower_jaw
submaxilla lower_jaw
lower_jawbone lower_jaw
jawbone lower_jaw
jowl lower_jaw
rhaphe raphe
temporomandibular_joint mandibular_joint
articulatio_temporomandibularis mandibular_joint
metacarpal_bone metacarpal
nasal_bone nasal
os_nasale nasal
bonelet ossicle
ossiculum ossicle
palatine_bone palatine
os_palatinum palatine
kneecap patella
kneepan patella
pubic_bone pubis
os_pubis pubis
costa rib
shoulder_blade scapula
shoulder_bone scapula
glenoid_cavity glenoid_fossa
mandibular_fossa glenoid_fossa
acromial_process acromion
sesamoid sesamoid_bone
os_sesamoideum sesamoid_bone
os_breve short_bone
sphenoid sphenoid_bone
os_sphenoidale sphenoid_bone
breastbone sternum
corpus_sternum gladiolus
tarsal_bone tarsal
os_temporale temporal_bone
teeth dentition
pearly chopper
turbinate turbinate_bone
turbinal turbinate_bone
upper_jawbone upper_jaw
maxilla upper_jaw
maxillary upper_jaw
intervertebral_disk intervertebral_disc
zygomatic_arch zygoma
arcus_zygomaticus zygoma
orbit eye_socket
cranial_orbit eye_socket
orbital_cavity eye_socket
alveolus tooth_socket
bone_marrow marrow
red_bone_marrow red_marrow
yellow_bone_marrow yellow_marrow
lymphoid_tissue lymphatic_tissue
gristle cartilage
semilunar_cartilage meniscus
muscular_tissue muscle
musculus muscle
contractor contractile_organ
striated_muscle skeletal_muscle
abductor_muscle abductor
adductor_muscle adductor
great_adductor_muscle musculus_adductor_magnus
musculus_anconeus anconeous_muscle
buccinator_muscle cheek_muscle
musculus_buccinator cheek_muscle
extensor extensor_muscle
quadriceps_femoris quadriceps
musculus_quadriceps_femoris quadriceps
quad quadriceps
ligamentum_teres_uteri round_ligament_of_the_uterus
sinew tendon
flexor flexor_muscle
nerve_tissue nervous_tissue
otoganglion otic_ganglion
anlage primordium
vitals vital_organ
viscus internal_organ
entrails viscera
innards viscera
sensory_receptor sense_organ
receptor sense_organ
enteroceptor interoceptor
pineal_eye third_eye
lingua tongue
glossa tongue
clapper tongue
cakehole trap
hole trap
maw trap
yap trap
gob trap
oral_cavity mouth
oral_fissure mouth
rima_oris mouth
uterine_cervix cervix
cervix_uteri cervix
bodily_cavity cavity
cavum cavity
gum gingiva
taste_bud tastebud
gustatory_organ tastebud
gustatory_cell taste_cell
vocal_organ speech_organ
organ_of_speech speech_organ
anterior front_tooth
posterior back_tooth
adult_tooth permanent_tooth
deciduous_tooth primary_tooth
baby_tooth primary_tooth
milk_tooth primary_tooth
canine_tooth canine
eyetooth canine
eye_tooth canine
dogtooth canine
cuspid canine
bicuspid premolar
grinder molar
tooth_root root
tooth_enamel enamel
cement cementum
palatine_tonsil tonsil
faucial_tonsil tonsil
tonsilla tonsil
velum soft_palate
roof_of_the_mouth palate
gum_ridge alveolar_ridge
alveolar_process alveolar_ridge
veil caul
embryonic_membrane caul
oculus eye
optic eye
OD oculus_dexter
OS oculus_sinister
stemma simple_eye
ocellus simple_eye
cytomembrane cell_membrane
plasma_membrane cell_membrane
choroid_coat choroid
brow eyebrow
supercilium eyebrow
lid eyelid
palpebra eyelid
epicanthic_fold epicanthus
third_eyelid nictitating_membrane
lash eyelash
cilium eyelash
conjunctival_layer_of_bulb bulbar_conjunctiva
tunica_conjunctiva_bulbi bulbar_conjunctiva
conjunctival_layer_of_eyelids palpebra_conjunctiva
tunica_conjunctiva_palpebrarum palpebra_conjunctiva
orb eyeball
eye_muscle ocular_muscle
lateral_rectus_muscle abducens_muscle
lateral_rectus abducens_muscle
rectus_lateralis abducens_muscle
inferior_rectus inferior_rectus_muscle
rectus_inferior inferior_rectus_muscle
medial_rectus medial_rectus_muscle
rectus_medialis medial_rectus_muscle
superior_rectus superior_rectus_muscle
rectus_superior superior_rectus_muscle
arcus_senilis arcus
aqueous_humour aqueous_humor
vitreous_humour vitreous_humor
vitreous_body vitreous_humor
midriff diaphragm
tympanum eardrum
tympanic_membrane eardrum
myringa eardrum
hyaloid hyaloid_membrane
crystalline_lens lens
lens_of_the_eye lens
cortex lens_cortex
nucleus lens_nucleus
internal_ear inner_ear
labyrinth inner_ear
osseous_labyrinth bony_labyrinth
utriculus utricle
sacculus saccule
vestibular_system vestibular_apparatus
ear_lobe earlobe
outer_ear external_ear
pinna auricle
ear auricle
tympanic_cavity middle_ear
tympanum middle_ear
auditory_tube eustachian_tube
fenestra_vestibuli fenestra_ovalis
oval_window fenestra_ovalis
fenestra_of_the_vestibule fenestra_ovalis
fenestra_cochleae fenestra_rotunda
round_window fenestra_rotunda
fenestra_of_the_cochlea fenestra_rotunda
hammer malleus
anvil incus
stirrup stapes
meninges meninx
mucosa mucous_membrane
secretory_organ gland
secretor gland
secreter gland
sebaceous_follicle sebaceous_gland
glandulae_sebaceae sebaceous_gland
tarsal_gland meibomian_gland
exocrine exocrine_gland
duct_gland exocrine_gland
gastrointestinal_system digestive_system
systema_alimentarium digestive_system
systema_digestorium digestive_system
endocrine endocrine_gland
ductless_gland endocrine_gland
thyroid thyroid_gland
parathyroid parathyroid_gland
sudoriferous_gland sweat_gland
adrenal adrenal_gland
suprarenal_gland adrenal_gland
prostate prostate_gland
lachrymal_gland lacrimal_gland
tear_gland lacrimal_gland
lachrymal_duct lacrimal_duct
tear_duct lacrimal_duct
tear_sac lacrimal_sac
dacryocyst lacrimal_sac
thymus thymus_gland
urinary_organ excretory_organ
lien spleen
arteria artery
arterial_blood_vessel artery
arteria_alveolaris alveolar_artery
arteria_alveolaris_inferior inferior_alveolar_artery
arteria_alveolaris_superior superior_alveolar_artery
arteria_angularis angular_artery
arteria_appendicularis appendicular_artery
arteria_arcuata arcuate_artery
arteriola arteriole
capillary_artery arteriole
arteria_bulbi_penis artery_of_the_penis_bulb
arteria_bulbi_vestibuli artery_of_the_vestibule_bulb
arteria_ascendens ascending_artery
arteria_auricularis auricular_artery
arteria_axillaris axillary_artery
arteria_basilaris basilar_artery
arteria_brachialis brachial_artery
arteria_radialis radial_artery
arteria_buccalis buccal_artery
arteria_carotis carotid_artery
common_carotid common_carotid_artery
external_carotid external_carotid_artery
celiac_artery celiac_trunk
truncus_celiacus celiac_trunk
arteria_celiaca celiac_trunk
arteria_centralis_retinae central_artery_of_the_retina
arteria_cerebelli cerebellar_artery
arteria_cerebri cerebral_artery
areteria_cervicalis cervical_artery
arteria_choroidea choroidal_artery
arteria_ciliaris ciliary_artery
arteria_circumflexa_femoris circumflex_artery_of_the_thigh
arteria_circumflexa_humeri circumflex_humeral_artery
arteria_circumflexa_ilium circumflex_iliac_artery
arteria_circumflexa_scapulae circumflex_scapular_artery
arteria_colica colic_artery
arteria_communicans communicating_artery
arteria_coronaria coronary_artery
arteria_cystica cystic_artery
arteria_digitalis digital_arteries
arteria_epigastrica epigastric_artery
arteria_ethmoidalis ethmoidal_artery
arteria_facialis facial_artery
external_maxillary_artery facial_artery
arteria_femoralis femoral_artery
arteria_poplitea popliteal_artery
arteria_gastrica gastric_artery
ateria_gastrica_dextra right_gastric_artery
arteria_gastrica_sinistra left_gastric_artery
arteria_gastrica_breves short_gastric_artery
vasa_brevis short_gastric_artery
arteria_glutes gluteal_artery
arteria_hepatica hepatic_artery
intestinal_artery ileal_artery
arteria_ileum ileal_artery
arteria_ileocolica ileocolic_artery
arteria_iliaca iliac_artery
hypogastric_artery internal_iliac_artery
arteria_iliolumbalis iliolumbar_artery
arteria_infraorbitalis infraorbital_artery
arteria_intercostalis intercostal_artery
intestinal_artery jejunal_artery
arteria_labialis labial_artery
arteria_labialis_inferior inferior_labial_artery
arteria_labialis_superior superior_labial_artery
artery_of_the_labyrinth labyrinthine_artery
internal_auditory_artery labyrinthine_artery
arteria_lacrimalis lacrimal_artery
arteria_laryngea laryngeal_artery
splenic_artery lienal_artery
arteria_lienalis lienal_artery
arteria_lingualis lingual_artery
arteria_lumbalis lumbar_artery
arteria_maxillaris maxillary_artery
arteria_meningea meningeal_artery
arteria_mesenterica mesenteric_artery
arteria_metacarpea metacarpal_artery
arteria_metatarsea metatarsal_artery
arteria_musculophrenica musculophrenic_artery
arteria_nutricia nutrient_artery
arteria_ophthalmica ophthalmic_artery
arteria_ovarica ovarian_artery
arteria_palatina palatine_artery
arteria_pancreatica pancreatic_artery
arteria_perinealis perineal_artery
arteria_pudenda pudendal_artery
arteria_pulmonalis pulmonary_artery
truncus_pulmonalis pulmonary_trunk
arteria_rectalis rectal_artery
arteria_renalis renal_artery
arteria_subclavia subclavian_artery
arteria_temporalis_anterior anterior_temporal_artery
arteria_temporalis_intermedia intermediate_temporal_artery
arteria_temporalis_posterior posterior_temporal_artery
internal_spermatic_artery testicular_artery
arteria_testicularis testicular_artery
arteria_ulnaris ulnar_artery
arteria_uterina uterine_artery
arteria_vaginalis vaginal_artery
arteria_vertebralis vertebral_artery
vena_cephalica_accessoria accessory_cephalic_vein
accessory_hemiazygous_vein accessory_hemiazygos_vein
vena_hemiazygos_accessoria accessory_hemiazygos_vein
vena_vertebralis_accessoria accessory_vertebral_vein
vena_comitans accompanying_vein
vena_anastomotica anastomotic_vein
vena_angularis angular_vein
vena_vertebralis_anterior anterior_vertebral_vein
vena_appendicularis appendicular_vein
vena_arcuata_renis arcuate_vein_of_the_kidney
vena_auricularis auricular_vein
vena_axillaris axillary_vein
azygous_vein azygos_vein
vena_azygos azygos_vein
vena_basalis basal_vein
vena_basilica basilic_vein
vena_basivertebralis basivertebral_vein
vena_brachialis brachial_vein
innominate_vein brachiocephalic_vein
vena_brachiocephalica brachiocephalic_vein
vena_bronchialis bronchial_vein
venae_centrales_hepatis central_veins_of_liver
vena_centrales_retinae central_vein_of_retina
vena_centralis_glandulae_suprarenalis central_vein_of_suprarenal_gland
vena_cephalica cephalic_vein
vena_cerebellum cerebellar_vein
vena_cerebri cerebral_vein
vena_cerebri_anterior anterior_cerebral_vein
vena_facialis_anterior anterior_facial_vein
vena_cerebri_magna great_cerebral_vein
venae_cerebrum_inferior inferior_cerebral_vein
vena_cerebrum_internus internal_cerebral_vein
vena_cerebri_media middle_cerebral_vein
vena_cerebrum_superior superior_cerebral_vein
deep_cervical_vein cervical_vein
vena_cervicalis_profunda cervical_vein
vena_choroidea choroid_vein
venae_ciliares ciliary_veins
vena_circumflexa circumflex_vein
vena_circumflexa_ilium circumflex_iliac_vein
vena_circumflexus_femoris circumflex_femoral_vein
vena_clitoridis clitoral_vein
vena_colica colic_vein
venae_conjunctivales conjunctival_veins
vena_cutanea cutaneous_vein
vena_cystica cystic_vein
vena_digitalis digital_vein
vena_diploica diploic_vein
vena_scapularis_dorsalis dorsal_scapular_vein
dorsal_horn dorsal_root
vena_emissaria emissary_vein
vena_epigastrica_inferior inferior_epigastric_vein
vena_epigastrica_superficialis superficial_epigastric_vein
venae_epigastricae_superiores superior_epigastric_veins
venae_episclerales episcleral_veins
oesophageal_veins esophageal_veins
venae_esophageae esophageal_veins
vena_ethmoidalis ethmoidal_vein
vena_nasalis_externa external_nasal_vein
vena_facialis facial_vein
vena_femoralis femoral_vein
vena_gastrica gastric_vein
gastroepiploic_vein gastroomental_vein
vena_gastroomentalis gastroomental_vein
vena_genus genicular_vein
vena_gluteus gluteal_vein
hemizygous_vein hemizygos_vein
vena_hemizygos hemizygos_vein
rectal_vein hemorrhoidal_vein
vena_rectalis hemorrhoidal_vein
vena_hepatica hepatic_vein
internal_iliac_vein hypogastric_vein
vena_ileocolica ileocolic_vein
vena_iliaca iliac_vein
vena_iliolumbalis iliolumbar_vein
vena_intercapitalis intercapitular_vein
vena_intercostalis intercostal_vein
vena_intervertebralis intervertebral_vein
vena_jugularis jugular_vein
jugular jugular_vein
vena_labialis labial_vein
vena_labialis_inferior inferior_labial_vein
vena_labialis_superior superior_labial_vein
vena_labialis labial_vein
internal_auditory_vein labyrinthine_vein
vena_lacrimalis lacrimal_vein
vena_laryngea laryngeal_vein
vena_gastrica_sinistra left_gastric_vein
vena_lingualis lingual_vein
vena_lumbalis lumbar_vein
vena_maxillaris maxillary_vein
venae_meningeae meningeal_veins
vena_mesenterica mesenteric_vein
vena_metacarpus metacarpal_vein
vena_metatarsus metatarsal_vein
vena_musculophrenica musculophrenic_vein
vena_nasofrontalis nasofrontal_vein
vena_obliqua_atrii_sinistri oblique_vein_of_the_left_atrium
vena_obturatoria obturator_vein
vena_occipitalis occipital_vein
vena_ophthalmica ophthalmic_vein
vena_ovarica ovarian_vein
vena_palatina palatine_vein
venae_pancreatica pancreatic_vein
vena_paraumbilicalis paraumbilical_vein
vena_pectoralis pectoral_vein
vena_perforantis perforating_vein
vena_pericardiaca pericardial_vein
fibular_vein peroneal_vein
vena_peroneus peroneal_vein
vena_pharyngeus pharyngeal_vein
vena_phrenica phrenic_vein
vena_poplitea popliteal_vein
hepatic_portal_vein portal_vein
portal portal_vein
vena_portae portal_vein
vena_posterior_ventriculi_sinistri posterior_vein_of_the_left_ventricle
vena_pylorica prepyloric_vein
venae_pudendum pudendal_vein
vena_pulmonalis pulmonary_vein
vena_pulmanalis_inferior inferior_pulmonary_vein
vena_pulmonalis_superior superior_pulmonary_vein
right_gastric_vein pyloric_vein
vena_gastrica-dextra pyloric_vein
vena_radialis radial_vein
vena_renalis renal_vein
vena_retromandibularis retromandibular_vein
posterior_facial_vein retromandibular_vein
vena_sacralis sacral_vein
vena_saphena saphenous_vein
great_saphenous_vein long_saphenous_vein
venae_sclerales scleral_veins
vena_scrotalis scrotal_vein
vena_sigmoideus sigmoid_vein
vena_spinalis spinal_vein
vena_lienalis splenic_vein
vena_sternocleidomastoidea sternocleidomastoid_vein
vena_stylomastoidea stylomastoid_vein
vena_subclavia subclavian_vein
vena_sublingualis sublingual_vein
vena_supraorbitalis supraorbital_vein
vena_supratrochlearis supratrochlear_vein
vena_temporalis temporal_vein
vena_testicularis testicular_vein
vena_thoracoepigastrica thoracoepigastric_vein
striate_vein inferior_thalamostriate_vein
vena_thoracica thoracic_vein
vena_thyroidea thyroid_vein
vena_tibialis tibial_vein
vena_trachealis tracheal_vein
vena_ulnaris ulnar_vein
vena_umbilicalis umbilical_vein
gall_bladder gallbladder
canalis_inguinalis inguinal_canal
bile_duct common_bile_duct
pump heart
ticker heart
cardiac_pacemaker pacemaker
sinoatrial_node pacemaker
SA_node pacemaker
leaflet cusp
heart_muscle cardiac_muscle
bundle_of_His atrioventricular_bundle
atrioventricular_trunk atrioventricular_bundle
truncus_atrioventricularis atrioventricular_bundle
Purkinje's_tissue purkinje_network
Purkinje's_system purkinje_network
heart_ventricle ventricle
atrial_auricle auricle
auricula_atrii auricle
auricular_appendage auricula
auricular_appendix auricula
intracranial_cavity cranial_cavity
atrium_of_the_heart atrium_cordis
right_atrium_of_the_heart right_atrium
atrium_dextrum right_atrium
left_atrium_of_the_heart left_atrium
atrium_sinistrum left_atrium
bicuspid_valve mitral_valve
left_atrioventricular_valve mitral_valve
right_atrioventricular_valve tricuspid_valve
cardiac_valve heart_valve
valvelet valvule
valvula valvule
tummy stomach
tum stomach
breadbasket stomach
systema_lymphaticum lymphatic_system
lymphatic_vessel lymph_vessel
vas vessel
bodily_fluid liquid_body_substance
body_fluid liquid_body_substance
humor liquid_body_substance
humour liquid_body_substance
ECF extracellular_fluid
succus juice
foremilk colostrum
amnionic_fluid amniotic_fluid
waters amniotic_fluid
blood_type blood_group
type_A a
group_A a
type_B b
group_B b
type_AB ab
group_AB ab
type_O o
group_O o
Rh_positive rh-positive_blood_type
Rh-negative_blood rh-negative_blood_type
Rh_negative rh-negative_blood_type
blood_stream bloodstream
coagulum clot
grume blood_clot
menstrual_blood menorrhea
menstrual_flow menorrhea
blood_serum serum
plasm plasma
blood_plasma plasma
seed semen
seminal_fluid semen
ejaculate semen
cum semen
come semen
lachrymal_secretion lacrimal_secretion
teardrop tear
sweat perspiration
sudor perspiration
digestive_fluid digestive_juice
gastric_acid gastric_juice
gall bile
melancholy black_bile
choler yellow_bile
endocrine hormone
internal_secretion hormone
norepinephrine noradrenaline
adrenocorticotrophic_hormone adrenocorticotropic_hormone
ACTH adrenocorticotropic_hormone
adrenocorticotropin adrenocorticotropic_hormone
adrenocorticotrophin adrenocorticotropic_hormone
corticotropin adrenocorticotropic_hormone
corticotrophin adrenocorticotropic_hormone
epinephrin epinephrine
adrenaline epinephrine
Adrenalin epinephrine
GI_hormones gastrointestinal_hormone
gonadotrophin gonadotropin
gonadotropic_hormone gonadotropin
gonadotrophic_hormone gonadotropin
Lente_Iletin lente_insulin
Humulin recombinant_human_insulin
Pitocin oxytocin
parathormone parathyroid_hormone
RH releasing_hormone
releasing_factor releasing_hormone
hypothalamic_releasing_hormone releasing_hormone
hypothalamic_releasing_factor releasing_hormone
somatotrophin somatotropin
somatotropic_hormone somatotropin
somatotrophic_hormone somatotropin
STH somatotropin
human_growth_hormone somatotropin
growth_hormone somatotropin
thyrocalcitonin calcitonin
thyroxin thyroxine
tetraiodothyronine thyroxine
T thyroxine
liothyronine triiodothyronine
T triiodothyronine
antidiuretic_hormone vasopressin
ADH vasopressin
Pitressin vasopressin
autocoid autacoid
synovial_fluid synovia
mucous_secretion mucus
sputum phlegm
spit saliva
spittle saliva
dribble drool
drivel drool
slobber drool
purulence pus
suppuration pus
ichor pus
sanies pus
festering pus
leucorrhea leukorrhea
vena vein
venous_blood_vessel vein
venous_blood_system venation
postcava inferior_vena_cava
precava superior_vena_cava
anterior_labial_veins venae_labiales_anteriores
posterior_labial_veins venae_labiales_posteriores
ventral_horn ventral_root
anterior_root ventral_root
anterior_horn ventral_root
vena_vertebralis vertebral_vein
vena_vesicalis vesical_vein
vena_vestibularis vestibular_vein
vorticose_vein vortex_vein
vena_vorticosum vortex_vein
capillary_vessel capillary
venula venule
capillary_vein venule
tissue_layer membrane
gangliocyte ganglion_cell
greater_peritoneal_sac peritoneal_cavity
omental_bursa bursa_omentalis
lesser_peritoneal_cavity bursa_omentalis
visceral_pericardium epicardium
pericardial_space pericardial_cavity
gastrocolic_omentum greater_omentum
caul greater_omentum
lymph_gland lymph_node
node lymph_node
Peter's_gland peyer's_patch
vegetative_cell somatic_cell
protoplast energid
fertilized_ovum zygote
living_substance protoplasm
cytol cytoplasm
ground_substance hyaloplasm
Golgi_apparatus golgi_body
Golgi_complex golgi_body
dictyosome golgi_body
karyoplasm nucleoplasm
cell_nucleus nucleus
karyon nucleus
nucleole nucleolus
nucleolus_organiser nucleolus_organizer
nucleolar_organizer nucleolus_organizer
nucleolar_organiser nucleolus_organizer
plasm germ_plasm
chromatin_granule chromatin
cistron gene
factor gene
allelomorph allele
dominant dominant_allele
recessive recessive_allele
homeobox_gene homeobox
linked_genes linkage_group
modifier_gene modifier
CFTR cystic_fibrosis_transport_regulator
transforming_gene oncogene
regulator_gene regulatory_gene
suppresser suppressor
suppressor_gene suppressor
suppresser_gene suppressor
holandric_gene y-linked_gene
somatic_chromosome autosome
kinetochore centromere
chondriosome mitochondrion
cell_organelle organelle
cell_organ organelle
central_body centrosome
sclerotic_coat sclera
formative_cell embryonic_cell
bone-forming_cell osteoblast
blood_corpuscle blood_cell
corpuscle blood_cell
akaryote akaryocyte
acaryote akaryocyte
macrocyte megalocyte
leucocyte leukocyte
white_blood_cell leukocyte
white_cell leukocyte
white_blood_corpuscle leukocyte
white_corpuscle leukocyte
WBC leukocyte
scavenger_cell phagocyte
lymph_cell lymphocyte
B_lymphocyte b_cell
T_lymphocyte t_cell
helper_cell helper_t_cell
CD4_T_cell helper_t_cell
CD4_cell helper_t_cell
killer_cell killer_t_cell
cytotoxic_T_cell killer_t_cell
CD8_T_cell killer_t_cell
CD8_cell killer_t_cell
plasmacyte plasma_cell
basophile basophil
neutrophile neutrophil
eosinophile eosinophil
RBC red_blood_cell
erythrocyte red_blood_cell
fovea_centralis fovea
macula_lutea macula
macular_area macula
yellow_spot macula
optic_disc blind_spot
optic_disk blind_spot
cone_cell cone
retinal_cone cone
rod_cell rod
retinal_rod rod
adipose_cell fat_cell
germ_cell reproductive_cell
sex_cell reproductive_cell
sperm_cell sperm
spermatozoon sperm
spermatozoan sperm
egg_cell ovum
muscle_fiber muscle_cell
muscle_fibre muscle_cell
Leydig's_cell leydig_cell
Sertoli's_cell sertoli_cell
striated_muscle_fiber striated_muscle_cell
myofibrilla myofibril
sarcostyle myofibril
involuntary_muscle smooth_muscle
RES reticuloendothelial_system
MPS mononuclear_phagocyte_system
system_of_macrophages mononuclear_phagocyte_system
musculature muscular_structure
muscle_system muscular_structure
systema_nervosum nervous_system
centre center
nerve_center center
nerve_centre center
nerve_fibre nerve_fiber
myelinated_nerve_fiber medullated_nerve_fiber
nodes_of_Ranvier ranvier's_nodes
myelin_sheath medullary_sheath
neurilemma neurolemma
neuron nerve_cell
Golgi_cell golgi's_cell
endplate end-plate
motor_end_plate end-plate
efferent_neuron motor_neuron
motor_nerve_fiber motor_neuron
motoneuron motor_neuron
afferent_neuron sensory_neuron
glia neuroglia
neuroglial_cell neurogliacyte
glial_cell neurogliacyte
macroglia astroglia
oligodendria oligodendroglia
axone axon
nerve_end nerve_ending
outgrowth process
appendage process
caruncula caruncle
lappet wattle
condyloid_process condylar_process
mandibular_condyle condylar_process
processus_coronoideus coronoid_process
spiculum spicule
myoneural_junction neuromuscular_junction
nervus nerve
efferent_nerve motor_nerve
efferent motor_nerve
efferent_fiber motor_fiber
afferent_nerve sensory_nerve
afferent sensory_nerve
afferent_fiber sensory_fiber
fillet lemniscus
fibre_bundle fiber_bundle
fascicle fiber_bundle
fasciculus fiber_bundle
tract nerve_pathway
nerve_tract nerve_pathway
pathway nerve_pathway
depressor_nerve depressor
cerebral_peduncle peduncle
cerebral_hemisphere hemisphere
left_brain left_hemisphere
piriform_area pyriform_area
pyriform_lobe pyriform_area
piriform_lobe pyriform_area
right_brain right_hemisphere
olfactory_brain rhinencephalon
nervii_olfactorii olfactory_nerve
first_cranial_nerve olfactory_nerve
nervus_opticus optic_nerve
second_cranial_nerve optic_nerve
optic_tract optic_nerve
oculomotor_nerve oculomotor
nervus_oculomotorius oculomotor
third_cranial_nerve oculomotor
trochlear_nerve trochlear
trochlearis trochlear
fourth_cranial_nerve trochlear
trigeminal_nerve trigeminal
trigeminus trigeminal
nervus_trigeminus trigeminal
fifth_cranial_nerve trigeminal
abducent_nerve abducent
abducens abducent
abducens_nerve abducent
nervus_abducens abducent
sixth_cranial_nerve abducent
facial_nerve facial
nervus_facialis facial
seventh_cranial_nerve facial
auditory_nerve acoustic_nerve
vestibulocochlear_nerve acoustic_nerve
nervus_vestibulocochlearis acoustic_nerve
eighth_cranial_nerve acoustic_nerve
nervus_glossopharyngeus glossopharyngeal_nerve
ninth_cranial_nerve glossopharyngeal_nerve
vagus_nerve vagus
nervus_vagus vagus
pneumogastric vagus
pneumogastric_nerve vagus
tenth_cranial_nerve vagus
wandering_nerve vagus
spinal_accessory accessory_nerve
nervus_accessorius accessory_nerve
eleventh_cranial_nerve accessory_nerve
hypoglossal_nerve hypoglossal
nervus_hypoglosus hypoglossal
twelfth_cranial_nerve hypoglossal
CNS central_nervous_system
systema_nervosum_centrale central_nervous_system
encephalon brain
neoencephalon neencephalon
neocortex neopallium
paleocortex archipallium
paleoencephalon paleencephalon
palaeencephalon paleencephalon
dura dura_mater
arachnoid_membrane arachnoid
neuropile neuropil
gray_matter grey_matter
grey_substance grey_matter
gray_substance grey_matter
substantia_grisea grey_matter
substantia_alba white_matter
pituitary_gland pituitary
pituitary_body pituitary
hypophysis pituitary
anterior_pituitary_gland anterior_pituitary
adenohypophysis anterior_pituitary
pars_anterior pars_distilis
posterior_pituitary_gland posterior_pituitary
neurohypophysis posterior_pituitary
pars_nervosa posterior_pituitary
pineal_body pineal_gland
epiphysis_cerebri pineal_gland
epiphysis pineal_gland
isles_of_Langerhans islands_of_langerhans
islets_of_Langerhans islands_of_langerhans
vermis_cerebelli vermis
cerebral_mantle cerebral_cortex
pallium cerebral_cortex
cortex cerebral_cortex
cortical_region cortical_area
association_cortex association_area
corpus_geniculatum_laterale lateral_geniculate_body
lateral_geniculate lateral_geniculate_body
corpus_geniculatum_mediale medial_geniculate_body
medial_geniculate medial_geniculate_body
auditory_cortex auditory_area
Broca's_center broca's_area
Broca's_gyrus broca's_area
Broca's_convolution broca's_area
convolution_of_Broca broca's_area
language_zone language_area
motor_region motor_area
motor_cortex motor_area
Rolando's_area motor_area
excitable_area motor_area
sensorimotor_region sensorimotor_area
visual_cortex visual_area
Wernicke's_center wernicke's_area
pyramidal_motor_system pyramidal_tract
corticospinal_tract pyramidal_tract
plica fold
convolution gyrus
frontal_cortex frontal_lobe
prefrontal_cortex prefrontal_lobe
parietal_cortex parietal_lobe
occipital_cortex occipital_lobe
striate_area striate_cortex
first_visual_area striate_cortex
area_17_of_Brodmann striate_cortex
Brodmann's_area_17 striate_cortex
temporal_ccortex temporal_lobe
medulla medulla_oblongata
bulb medulla_oblongata
amygdaloid_nucleus amygdala
corpus_amygdaloideum amygdala
prosencephalon forebrain
gyrus_cinguli cingulate_gyrus
interbrain diencephalon
betweenbrain diencephalon
thalmencephalon diencephalon
caudate caudate_nucleus
lentiform_nucleus lenticular_nucleus
globus_pallidus pallidum
paleostriatum pallidum
visceral_brain limbic_system
limbic_brain limbic_system
striatum corpus_striatum
striate_body corpus_striatum
mesencephalon midbrain
nucleus_niger substantia_nigra
locus_niger substantia_nigra
rhombencephalon hindbrain
pons_Varolii pons
brain-stem brainstem
brain_stem brainstem
neural_net neural_network
RF reticular_formation
RAS reticular_activating_system
Sylvian_aqueduct cerebral_aqueduct
aqueductus_cerebri cerebral_aqueduct
medulla_spinalis spinal_cord
cerebrospinal_fluid spinal_fluid
systema_nervosum_periphericum peripheral_nervous_system
ANS autonomic_nervous_system
nervus_radialis radial_nerve
musculospiral_nerve radial_nerve
parasympathetic parasympathetic_nervous_system
plexus_brachialis brachial_plexus
plexus_cardiacus cardiac_plexus
plexus_caroticus carotid_plexus
plexus_cervicalis cervical_plexus
plexus_choroideus choroid_plexus
plexus_coccygeus coccygeal_plexus
plexus_hypogastricus hypogastric_plexus
plexus_lumbalis lumbar_plexus
plexus_lumbalis lumbar_plexus
plexus_mesentericus mesenteric_plexus
plexus_myentericus myenteric_plexus
plexus_periarterialis periarterial_plexus
plexus_pulmonalis pulmonary_plexis
plexus_sacralis sacral_plexus
coeliac_plexus solar_plexus
plexus_celiacus solar_plexus
abdominal_nerve_plexus solar_plexus
epigastric_fossa pit_of_the_stomach
genital_system reproductive_system
urogenital_apparatus urogenital_system
urinary_system urogenital_system
urinary_apparatus urogenital_system
genitourinary_system urogenital_system
genitourinary_apparatus urogenital_system
systema_urogenitale urogenital_system
apparatus_urogenitalis urogenital_system
systema_respiratorium respiratory_system
airway respiratory_tract
cardiovascular_system circulatory_system
foetal_circulation fetal_circulation
vesica bladder
external_orifice urethral_orifice
sex_organ reproductive_organ
genital_organ genitalia
genitals genitalia
private_parts genitalia
privates genitalia
crotch genitalia
female_genitals female_genitalia
female_genital_organ female_genitalia
fanny female_genitalia
male_genitals male_genitalia
male_genital_organ male_genitalia
family_jewels male_genitalia
cistern cisterna
pocket pouch
cyst vesicle
bulla blister
bleb blister
uterine_tube fallopian_tube
oviduct fallopian_tube
womb uterus
canalis_cervicis_uteri cervical_canal
umbilical umbilical_cord
puss cunt
pussy cunt
slit cunt
snatch cunt
twat cunt
maidenhead hymen
virginal_membrane hymen
mons_veneris mons
mons_pubis mons
urogenital_cleft pudendal_cleft
rima_pudendi pudendal_cleft
rima_vulvae pudendal_cleft
pudendal_cleavage pudendal_cleft
pudendal_slit pudendal_cleft
vulvar_slit pudendal_cleft
clit clitoris
button clitoris
bulbourethral_gland cowper's_gland
cervical_glands_of_the_uterus cervical_glands
glandulae_cervicales_uteri cervical_glands
sex_gland gonad
testicle testis
orchis testis
ball testis
ballock testis
bollock testis
nut testis
egg testis
undescended_testicle undescended_testis
ductus_deferens vas_deferens
phallus penis
member penis
prick cock
dick cock
shaft cock
pecker cock
peter cock
tool cock
putz cock
microphallus micropenis
foreskin prepuce
foreskin prepuce
air_sac alveolus
air_cell alveolus
adenoid pharyngeal_tonsil
Luschka's_tonsil pharyngeal_tonsil
third_tonsil pharyngeal_tonsil
tonsilla_pharyngealis pharyngeal_tonsil
tonsilla_adenoidea pharyngeal_tonsil
voice_box larynx
arytaenoid arytenoid
arytenoid_cartilage arytenoid
Adam's_apple thyroid_cartilage
vocal_fold vocal_cord
vocal_band vocal_cord
plica_vocalis vocal_cord
false_vocal_fold false_vocal_cord
superior_vocal_cord false_vocal_cord
ventricular_fold false_vocal_cord
vestibular_fold false_vocal_cord
true_vocal_fold true_vocal_cord
inferior_vocal_cord true_vocal_cord
inferior_vocal_fold true_vocal_cord
bronchial_tube bronchus
windpipe trachea
alimentary_tract alimentary_canal
digestive_tube alimentary_canal
digestive_tract alimentary_canal
gastrointestinal_tract alimentary_canal
GI_tract alimentary_canal
sublingual_salivary_gland sublingual_gland
submaxillary_salivary_gland submaxillary_gland
submandibular_gland submaxillary_gland
submandibular_salivary_gland submaxillary_gland
mandibular_gland submaxillary_gland
oesophagus esophagus
gorge esophagus
gullet esophagus
bowel intestine
gut intestine
caecum cecum
blind_gut cecum
sigmoid_flexure sigmoid_colon
vermiform_appendix appendix
vermiform_process appendix
cecal_appendage appendix
arsehole arse
asshole arse
bunghole arse
caput head
bean attic
bonce attic
noodle attic
noggin attic
dome attic
poll pate
crown pate
skullcap calvaria
braincase cranium
brainpan cranium
os_frontale frontal_bone
forehead frontal_bone
mastoid_process mastoid
mastoid_bone mastoid
mastoidal mastoid
tubercle tuberosity
eminence tuberosity
sutura suture
fibrous_joint suture
articulatio_synovialis synovial_joint
diarthrosis synovial_joint
sphenoid_fontanel sphenoid_fontanelle
sphenoidal_fontanelle sphenoid_fontanelle
sphenoidal_fontanel sphenoid_fontanelle
sutura_coronalis coronal_suture
sutura_frontalis frontal_suture
sutura_intermaxillaris intermaxillary_suture
sutura_internasalis internasal_suture
sutura_lamboidea lamboid_suture
interparietal_suture sagittal_suture
sutura_sagittalis sagittal_suture
fontanel fontanelle
soft_spot fontanelle
hiatus foramen
foramen_of_Monro interventricular_foramen
Monro's_foramen interventricular_foramen
cervix neck
ruff frill
scruff nape
nucha nape
pharynx throat
sinus fistula
shoulder_joint shoulder
articulatio_humeri shoulder
deltoid_muscle deltoid
musculus_deltoideus deltoid
axilla armpit
axillary_cavity armpit
axillary_fossa armpit
trunk torso
body torso
serratus_muscles serratus
serratus_anterior anterior_serratus_muscle
musculus_serratus_anterior anterior_serratus_muscle
serratus_magnus anterior_serratus_muscle
serratus_posterior posterior_serratus_muscle
musculus_serratus_posterior posterior_serratus_muscle
bust female_chest
pectoral_muscle pectoral
pectoralis pectoral
musculus_pectoralis pectoral
pecs pectoral
musculus_pectoralis_major pectoralis_major
greater_pectoral_muscle pectoralis_major
musculus_pectoralis_minor pectoralis_minor
smaller_pectoral_muscle pectoralis_minor
intercostal_muscle intercostal
musculus_intercostalis intercostal
depressor_muscle depressor
chest thorax
pectus thorax
thoracic_cavity chest_cavity
chest breast
mamma mammary_gland
bosom breast
knocker breast
boob breast
tit breast
titty breast
mammilla nipple
mamilla nipple
pap nipple
teat nipple
tit nipple
ring_of_color areola
midriff middle
midsection middle
waistline waist
paunch belly
potbelly pot
bay_window pot
corporation pot
tummy pot
love_handle spare_tire
umbilicus navel
bellybutton navel
belly_button navel
omphalos navel
omphalus navel
venter abdomen
stomach abdomen
belly abdomen
abdominal_muscle abdominal
ab abdominal
underbody underbelly
musculus_obliquus_externus_abdominis external_oblique_muscle
abdominal_external_oblique_muscle external_oblique_muscle
oblique external_oblique_muscle
transverse_muscle_of_abdomen transversus_abdominis_muscle
musculus_transversalis_abdominis transversus_abdominis_muscle
transversus_abdominis transversus_abdominis_muscle
abdomen abdominal_cavity
pubic_region pubes
loins pubes
dorsum back
lat latissimus_dorsi
nates buttocks
arse buttocks
butt buttocks
backside buttocks
bum buttocks
buns buttocks
can buttocks
fundament buttocks
hindquarters buttocks
hind_end buttocks
keister buttocks
posterior buttocks
prat buttocks
rear buttocks
rear_end buttocks
rump buttocks
stern buttocks
seat buttocks
tail buttocks
tail_end buttocks
tooshie buttocks
tush buttocks
bottom buttocks
behind buttocks
derriere buttocks
fanny buttocks
ass buttocks
cheek buttock
appendage extremity
member extremity
peg pin
stick pin
bow_leg bowleg
bandyleg bowleg
bandy_leg bowleg
genu_varum bowleg
tibia_vara bowleg
shanks'_mare shank's_mare
shank's_pony shank's_mare
shanks'_pony shank's_mare
spindleshanks spindlelegs
pedal_extremity vertebrate_foot
human_foot foot
pes foot
manus hand
mitt hand
paw hand
clenched_fist fist
meat_hooks hooks
maulers hooks
right_hand right
left_hand left
thenar palm
dactyl digit
pollex thumb
index_finger index
forefinger index
annualry ring_finger
pinkie little_finger
pinky little_finger
nervus_ischiadicus sciatic_nerve
nervus_femoralis femoral_nerve
anterior_crural_nerve femoral_nerve
nervus_saphenus saphenous_nerve
nervus_phrenicus phrenic_nerve
cubital_nerve ulnar_nerve
nervus_ulnaris ulnar_nerve
nervus_spinalis spinal_nerve
nervus_coccygeus coccygeal_nerve
gluteus_muscle gluteus
gluteal_muscle gluteus
glute gluteus
hamstring_tendon hamstring
anatomical_sphincter sphincter
sphincter_muscle sphincter
oesophagogastric_junction esophagogastric_junction
sphincter_ani anal_sphincter
musculus_sphincter_ani anal_sphincter
musculus_sphincter_urethrae urethral_sphincter
musculus_sphincter_vesicae bladder_sphincter
musculus_sphincter_pupillae pupillary_sphincter
pyloric_valve pyloric_sphincter
musculus_sphincter_pylori pyloric_sphincter
knee_joint knee
human_knee knee
articulatio_genus knee
genu knee
thighbone femur
femoris femur
sura calf
gastrocnemius_muscle gastrocnemius
rhomboid_muscle rhomboid
greater_rhomboid_muscle rhomboideus_major_muscle
musculus_rhomboideus_major rhomboideus_major_muscle
lesser_rhomboid_muscle rhomboid_minor_muscle
musculus_rhomboideus_minor rhomboid_minor_muscle
soleus_muscle soleus
splenius_muscle splenius
splayfoot flatfoot
pes_planus flatfoot
fallen_arch sunken_arch
great_toe big_toe
hallux big_toe
articulatio_plana gliding_joint
ankle_joint ankle
mortise_joint ankle
articulatio_talocruralis ankle
tendon_of_Achilles achilles_tendon
femoral_biceps musculus_biceps_femoris
musculus_biceps_brachii biceps_brachii
biceps_humeri biceps_brachii
musculus_triceps_brachii triceps_brachii
elbow_joint elbow
human_elbow elbow
cubitus elbow
cubital_joint elbow
articulatio_cubiti elbow
ginglymus hinge_joint
ginglymoid_joint hinge_joint
crazy_bone funny_bone
unguis horny_structure
lunula half-moon
lunule half-moon
intercellular_substance matrix
ground_substance matrix
facia fascia
transplant graft
autoplasty autograft
allograft homograft
xenograft heterograft
onyxis ingrown_toenail
agnail hangnail
carpus wrist
wrist_joint wrist
radiocarpal_joint wrist
articulatio_radiocarpea wrist
knuckle_joint knuckle
metacarpophalangeal_joint knuckle
skeleton skeletal_system
frame skeletal_system
systema_skeletale skeletal_system
pectoral_arch shoulder_girdle
haemal_arch hemal_arch
vertebral_arch neural_arch
vertebral_column spinal_column
spine spinal_column
backbone spinal_column
back spinal_column
rachis spinal_column
neck_bone cervical_vertebra
atlas_vertebra atlas
axis_vertebra axis
dorsal_vertebra thoracic_vertebra
caudal_vertebra coccygeal_vertebra
sartorius_muscle sartorius
musculus_sartorius sartorius
scalene_muscle scalenus
musculus_scalenus scalenus
sternocleidomastoid_muscle sternocleidomastoid
sternocleido_mastoideus sternocleidomastoid
musculus_sternocleidomastoideus sternocleidomastoid
teres_muscle teres
teres_major_muscle teres_major
musculus_teres_major teres_major
teres_minor_muscle teres_minor
musculus_teres_minor teres_minor
tibialis_muscle tibialis
musculus_tibialis tibialis
tibialis_anterior tibialis_anticus
tibialis_posterior tibialis_posticus
trapezius_muscle trapezius
cowl_muscle trapezius
musculus_trapezius trapezius
shaft diaphysis
elbow_bone ulna
olecranon_process olecranon
calf_bone fibula
shinbone tibia
shin_bone tibia
shin tibia
articulation joint
articulatio joint
spheroid_joint ball-and-socket_joint
cotyloid_joint ball-and-socket_joint
enarthrodial_joint ball-and-socket_joint
enarthrosis ball-and-socket_joint
articulatio_spheroidea ball-and-socket_joint
hip_joint hip
coxa hip
articulatio_coxae hip
cotyloid_cavity acetabulum
renal_pelvis pelvis
pelvic_girdle pelvis
pelvic_arch pelvis
hip pelvis
rotary_joint pivot_joint
rotatory_joint pivot_joint
articulatio_trochoidea pivot_joint
fork crotch
inguen groin
olfactory_organ nose
honker beak
hooter beak
nozzle beak
snoot beak
snout beak
schnozzle beak
schnoz beak
hooknose roman_nose
mentum chin
buccula double_chin
anterior_naris nostril
human_face face
physiognomy countenance
phiz countenance
visage countenance
kisser countenance
smiler countenance
mug countenance
pudding-face pudding_face
lineament feature
temporal_muscle temporalis_muscle
temporalis temporalis_muscle
musculus_temporalis temporalis_muscle
forehead brow
supraorbital_torus supraorbital_ridge
superciliary_ridge supraorbital_ridge
superciliary_arch supraorbital_ridge
paries wall
humour humor
serosa serous_membrane
synovium synovial_membrane
tunica tunic
adventitia tunic
coelom celom
celoma celom
mastocyte mast_cell
labrocyte mast_cell
alpha-adrenergic_receptor alpha_receptor
alpha-adrenoceptor alpha_receptor
beta-adrenergic_receptor beta_receptor
beta-adrenoceptor beta_receptor
rima_vocalis rima_glottidis
true_glottis rima_glottidis
glottis_vera rima_glottidis
rima_respiratoria rima_vestibuli
false_glottis rima_vestibuli
glottis_spuria rima_vestibuli
sutural_bone wormian_bone
zona zone
zonula zonule
head mind
brain mind
psyche mind
nous mind
general_knowledge public_knowledge
surface open
unconscious unconscious_mind
subconscious subconscious_mind
profundity astuteness
profoundness astuteness
depth astuteness
deepness astuteness
sagaciousness sagacity
judgment sagacity
judgement sagacity
discernment sagacity
good_sense common_sense
gumption common_sense
horse_sense common_sense
sense common_sense
mother_wit common_sense
discreetness discretion
circumspection discretion
prudence discretion
precaution caution
care caution
forethought caution
indiscreetness injudiciousness
power ability
sapience wisdom
brainpower brain
learning_ability brain
mental_capacity brain
mentality brain
wit brain
comprehensiveness breadth
largeness breadth
roominess capaciousness
intellect mind
quickness mental_quickness
quick-wittedness mental_quickness
mental_dexterity nimbleness
genius brilliance
precocity precociousness
acuity acuteness
sharpness acuteness
keenness acuteness
cleverness brightness
smartness brightness
craftiness craft
cunning craft
foxiness craft
guile craft
slyness craft
wiliness craft
astuteness shrewdness
perspicacity shrewdness
perspicaciousness shrewdness
acumen insightfulness
marbles wits
inherent_aptitude instinct
mental_ability capacity
capableness capability
potentiality capability
range compass
reach compass
grasp compass
ken sight
gift endowment
talent endowment
natural_endowment endowment
knack bent
hang bent
genius flair
creativeness creativity
creative_thinking creativity
fruitfulness fecundity
wizardry genius
imaginativeness imagination
vision imagination
mythical_place imaginary_place
fictitious_place imaginary_place
Annwn annwfn
eldorado el_dorado
faerie fairyland
faery fairyland
bosom_of_Abraham abraham's_bosom
City_of_God celestial_city
Heavenly_City celestial_city
Holy_City celestial_city
Elysian_Fields elysium
Garden_of_Eden eden
Walhalla valhalla
Hades hell
infernal_region hell
netherworld hell
Scheol hell
underworld hell
perdition hell
Inferno hell
infernal_region hell
nether_region hell
pit hell
Tartarus gehenna
red_region hellfire
dreamland never-never_land
dreamworld never-never_land
Zion utopia
Sion utopia
phantasy fantasy
dream pipe_dream
phantasy_life fantasy_life
phantasy_world fantasy_world
fairyland fantasy_world
innovation invention
excogitation invention
conception invention
design invention
ingeniousness inventiveness
ingenuity inventiveness
cleverness inventiveness
resourcefulness resource
imagination resource
armoury armory
inventory armory
freshness novelty
airmanship aviation
oenology enology
ventriloquy ventriloquism
science skill
accomplishment skill
acquirement skill
acquisition skill
attainment skill
craftsmanship craft
workmanship craft
artistry art
prowess art
soldiership soldiering
expertise expertness
control command
mastery command
adroitness adeptness
deftness adeptness
facility adeptness
quickness adeptness
capstone finishing_touch
copestone finishing_touch
manual_dexterity dexterity
sleight dexterity
technique proficiency
mental_block block
dumbness denseness
slow-wittedness denseness
obtuseness dullness
mental_retardation retardation
backwardness retardation
slowness retardation
subnormality retardation
mental_defectiveness abnormality
mental_deficiency moronity
amentia idiocy
foolishness folly
craziness folly
madness folly
incapableness incapability
clumsiness awkwardness
ineptness awkwardness
ineptitude awkwardness
maladroitness awkwardness
slowness awkwardness
analphabetism illiteracy
staleness triteness
mental_faculty faculty
module faculty
speech language
lexicon vocabulary
mental_lexicon vocabulary
retention memory
retentiveness memory
retentivity memory
understanding reason
intellect reason
sensation sense
sentience sense
sentiency sense
sensory_faculty sense
sense_modality modality
sensory_system modality
will volition
sensitiveness sensitivity
sensibility sensitivity
reactivity responsiveness
irritability excitability
radiosensitivity photosensitivity
vision sight
visual_sense sight
visual_modality sight
sense_of_touch touch
skin_senses touch
touch_modality touch
cutaneous_senses touch
visual_acuity acuity
sharp-sightedness acuity
20/20 twenty-twenty
chromatic_vision color_vision
trichromacy color_vision
seeing eyesight
sightedness eyesight
night-sight night_vision
scotopic_vision night_vision
twilight_vision night_vision
photopic_vision daylight_vision
stereoscopy stereoscopic_vision
audition hearing
auditory_sense hearing
sense_of_hearing hearing
auditory_modality hearing
perfect_pitch absolute_pitch
gustation taste
sense_of_taste taste
gustatory_modality taste
sense_of_smell smell
olfaction smell
olfactory_modality smell
kinaesthesis kinesthesis
kinesthesia kinesthesis
kinaesthesia kinesthesis
kinesthetics kinesthesis
muscle_sense kinesthesis
sense_of_movement kinesthesis
labyrinthine_sense equilibrium
vestibular_sense equilibrium
sense_of_balance equilibrium
sense_of_equilibrium equilibrium
somesthesis somesthesia
somaesthesia somesthesia
somaesthesis somesthesia
somatesthesia somesthesia
somataesthesis somesthesia
somatosensory_system somesthesia
somatic_sensory_system somesthesia
somatic_sense somesthesia
pedagogics teaching_method
pedagogy teaching_method
maieutic_method socratic_method
system_of_rules system
frame frame_of_reference
logical_system logic
system_of_logic logic
computer_simulation simulation
tradition custom
normal convention
pattern convention
rule convention
formula convention
code_of_behavior code_of_conduct
wont habit
state_of_mind cognitive_state
earthly_concern worldly_concern
world worldly_concern
earth worldly_concern
affair matter
thing matter
personal_matters personal_business
affairs personal_business
dirty_laundry dirty_linen
memory_loss amnesia
blackout amnesia
posttraumatic_amnesia anterograde_amnesia
oblivion obliviousness
readiness set
ego self
consciousness awareness
cognizance awareness
cognisance awareness
knowingness awareness
sentience awareness
esthesia sensibility
aesthesia sensibility
autopilot automatic_pilot
unawareness unknowingness
stupor grogginess
stupefaction grogginess
semiconsciousness grogginess
comatoseness coma
Kussmaul's_coma diabetic_coma
ecstatic_state religious_trance
wonder curiosity
lust_for_learning desire_to_know
thirst_for_knowledge desire_to_know
involvement interest
inquisitiveness curiousness
prying nosiness
snoopiness nosiness
mental_confusion confusion
confusedness confusion
muddiness confusion
disarray confusion
fog daze
haze daze
obfuscation bewilderment
puzzlement bewilderment
befuddlement bewilderment
mystification bewilderment
bafflement bewilderment
bemusement bewilderment
enigma mystery
secret mystery
closed_book mystery
snarl tangle
maze tangle
quandary dilemma
inspiration divine_guidance
problem trouble
booby_trap pitfall
hinderance hindrance
deterrent hindrance
impediment hindrance
balk hindrance
baulk hindrance
check hindrance
handicap hindrance
millstone albatross
obstruction obstacle
roadblock barrier
hitch hang-up
rub hang-up
snag hang-up
stymy stymie
colour_bar color_bar
color_line color_bar
colour_line color_bar
Jim_Crow color_bar
determiner determinant
determinative determinant
determining_factor determinant
causal_factor determinant
decisive_factor clincher
canker pestilence
mainstay anchor
keystone anchor
backbone anchor
linchpin anchor
lynchpin anchor
enticement temptation
come-on bait
hook bait
lure bait
sweetener bait
opposite_number counterpart
vis-a-vis counterpart
replacement substitute
self-assurance assurance
confidence assurance
self-confidence assurance
authority assurance
sureness assurance
cocksureness certitude
overconfidence certitude
trust reliance
uncertainty doubt
incertitude doubt
dubiety doubt
doubtfulness doubt
dubiousness doubt
reservation mental_reservation
arriere_pensee mental_reservation
mistrust misgiving
distrust misgiving
suspicion misgiving
disbelief incredulity
skepticism incredulity
mental_rejection incredulity
indecisiveness indecision
irresolution indecision
vacillation hesitation
wavering hesitation
morbidness morbidity
preoccupancy preoccupation
absorption preoccupation
engrossment preoccupation
fixation obsession
abstraction abstractedness
revery reverie
cognitive_process process
mental_process process
operation process
cognitive_operation process
unconscious_process process
attending attention
heed attentiveness
regard attentiveness
paying_attention attentiveness
observation notice
observance notice
advertency advertence
engrossment concentration
absorption concentration
immersion concentration
focusing focus
focussing focus
focal_point focus
direction focus
centering focus
wakefulness watchfulness
vigilance watchfulness
alertness watchfulness
heedlessness inattentiveness
neglect disregard
inadvertence oversight
exclusion exception
elision exception
intuitive_feeling feeling
sixth_sense insight
immediate_apprehension immediacy
perceptual_constancy constancy
colour_constancy color_constancy
perceptiveness discernment
insight penetration
sensing detection
beholding visual_perception
seeing visual_perception
sound_perception auditory_perception
tonal_pattern melody
esthesis sensation
aesthesis sensation
sense_experience sensation
sense_impression sensation
sense_datum sensation
limen threshold
differential_threshold difference_threshold
difference_limen difference_threshold
differential_limen difference_threshold
jnd just-noticeable_difference
visual_sensation vision
odor smell
odour smell
olfactory_sensation smell
olfactory_perception smell
fragrance aroma
perfume aroma
scent aroma
malodour malodor
stench malodor
stink malodor
reek malodor
fetor malodor
foetor malodor
mephitis malodor
pong niff
taste_sensation taste
gustatory_sensation taste
taste_perception taste
gustatory_perception taste
flavor relish
flavour relish
sapidity relish
savor relish
savour relish
smack relish
nip relish
tang relish
sweetness sweet
sugariness sweet
sourness sour
tartness sour
acidulousness acidity
bitterness bitter
saltiness salt
salinity salt
astringence astringency
auditory_sensation sound
euphony music
pure_tone tone
fundamental_frequency fundamental
first_harmonic fundamental
partial overtone
partial_tone overtone
dissonance noise
racket noise
synaesthesia synesthesia
chromaesthesia chromesthesia
colored_audition colored_hearing
somaesthesia somesthesia
somatesthesia somesthesia
somatic_sensation somesthesia
tightness constriction
tactility tactual_sensation
touch_perception tactual_sensation
skin_perceptiveness tactual_sensation
kinaesthesia kinesthesia
feeling_of_movement kinesthesia
touch_sensation touch
tactual_sensation touch
tactile_sensation touch
feeling touch
tingle prickling
tingling prickling
haptic_sensation cutaneous_sensation
skin_sensation cutaneous_sensation
itchiness itch
itching itch
topognosis topognosia
pressure_sensation pressure
pain_sensation pain
painful_sensation pain
warmth heat
coldness cold
organization arrangement
organisation arrangement
system arrangement
Dewey_decimal_system dewey_decimal_classification
decimal_system_of_classification dewey_decimal_classification
frame_of_reference coordinate_system
reference_system coordinate_system
reference_frame coordinate_system
plan design
statistical_distribution distribution
network_topology topology
bus bus_topology
loop loop_topology
star star_topology
mesh mesh_topology
unitisation unitization
chunking unitization
constellation configuration
crystal_lattice space_lattice
Bravais_lattice space_lattice
hierarchical_data_structure hierarchical_structure
filing_system file_system
categorization classification
categorisation classification
sorting classification
pigeonholing grouping
scoring_system rating_system
ABO_system abo_blood_group_system
ABO_group abo_blood_group_system
assessment appraisal
critical_analysis critical_appraisal
critique criticism
roast knock
ascription attribution
ascription attribution
externalisation externalization
cross-division cross-classification
valuation evaluation
rating evaluation
grade mark
score mark
centile percentile
check assay
double_check countercheck
diagnostic_assay diagnostic_test
Widal's_test widal_test
bio-assay bioassay
immunochemical_assay immunoassay
cloze_test cloze_procedure
faecal_occult_test fecal_occult_test
stool_test fecal_occult_test
Wasserman_reaction wassermann_test
Wassermann wassermann_test
chorionic_villus_biopsy chorionic_villus_sampling
Papanicolaou_test pap_test
smear_test pap_test
rabbit_test friedman_test
RAIU radioactive_iodine_uptake_test
tuberculin_skin_test tuberculin_test
subcutaneous_test intradermal_test
revaluation reappraisal
review reappraisal
reassessment reappraisal
stock-taking stocktaking
secernment discrimination
distinction differentiation
dividing_line line
demarcation line
contrast line
point_of_no_return rubicon
word-splitting hairsplitting
individualisation individualization
individuation individualization
appreciation taste
discernment taste
perceptiveness taste
vertu virtu
connoisseurship virtu
trend vogue
style vogue
high_fashion haute_couture
high_style haute_couture
craze fad
furor fad
furore fad
cult fad
rage fad
discretion delicacy
acquisition learning
internalisation internalization
incorporation internalization
memorisation memorization
committal_to_memory memorization
rote_learning rote
work study
transfer_of_training transfer
carry-over transfer
generalisation generalization
stimulus_generalization generalization
stimulus_generalisation generalization
assimilation acculturation
self-cultivation self-education
schooling school
vocational_education vocational_training
familiarisation familiarization
experimental_extinction extinction
CER conditioned_emotional_response
conditioned_emotion conditioned_emotional_response
remembering memory
STM short-term_memory
immediate_memory short-term_memory
LTM long-term_memory
personal_memory episodic_memory
muscle_memory motor_memory
recollection recall
reminiscence recall
recollection remembrance
anamnesis remembrance
reconstructive_memory reconstruction
reproductive_memory reproduction
identification recognition
talker_identification speaker_identification
connection association
connexion association
convergence overlap
intersection overlap
symbolization symbol
symbolisation symbol
symbolic_representation symbol
exemplification typification
interpreting interpretation
rendition interpretation
rendering interpretation
judicial_activism broad_interpretation
depiction depicting
portraying depicting
portrayal depicting
theanthropism anthropomorphism
imaging imagination
imagery imagination
mental_imagery imagination
envisioning picturing
dreaming dream
dreaming dream
chimaera chimera
revery reverie
daydream reverie
daydreaming reverie
oneirism reverie
air_castle reverie
castle_in_the_air reverie
castle_in_Spain reverie
pretence pretense
make-believe pretense
pursuance pursuit
quest pursuit
thought thinking
thought_process thinking
cerebration thinking
intellection thinking
mentation thinking
mental_synthesis construction
logical_thinking reasoning
abstract_thought reasoning
analytic_thinking analysis
logical_argument argumentation
argument argumentation
line_of_reasoning argumentation
line argumentation
thread train_of_thought
line_of_questioning line_of_inquiry
deductive_reasoning deduction
synthesis deduction
generalisation generalization
induction generalization
inductive_reasoning generalization
illation inference
anticipation prediction
prevision prediction
prognostication prophecy
vaticination prophecy
foreshadowing prefiguration
adumbration prefiguration
foretelling divination
soothsaying divination
fortune_telling divination
dowsing dowse
rhabdomancy dowse
palm_reading palmistry
chiromancy palmistry
chirology palmistry
star_divination astrology
theorisation theorization
supposal supposition
generalization abstraction
generalisation abstraction
entailment deduction
implication deduction
partitioning breakdown
reasoning_by_elimination elimination
resolving resolution
factorisation factorization
factoring factorization
diagonalisation diagonalization
reasoning_backward regress
synthetic_thinking synthesis
study cogitation
weighing deliberation
advisement deliberation
reflection contemplation
reflexion contemplation
rumination contemplation
musing contemplation
thoughtfulness contemplation
speculation meditation
self-contemplation introspection
self-examination introspection
self-analysis soul-searching
examination examen
navel-gazing omphaloskepsis
deciding decision_making
eclectic_method eclecticism
resolution settlement
closure settlement
judgement judgment
judging judgment
prejudgement prejudgment
change_of_mind reversal
flip-flop reversal
turnabout reversal
turnaround reversal
second_thought reconsideration
afterthought reconsideration
rethink reconsideration
pick choice
selection choice
reject cull
favourite favorite
alternative option
choice option
druthers preference
default default_option
possible_action possibility
opening possibility
impossible_action impossibility
principle rationale
base basis
foundation basis
fundament basis
groundwork basis
cornerstone basis
rationalisation rationalization
preparation planning
provision planning
arrangement agreement
malice_aforethought mens_rea
deliberation calculation
forethought premeditation
out-of-the-box_thinking divergent_thinking
enquiry inquiry
research inquiry
experimentation experiment
control control_condition
experimental_condition condition
trial_run trial
test trial
tryout trial
field_test field_trial
investigation probe
opinion_poll poll
public_opinion_poll poll
canvass poll
straw_poll straw_vote
computation calculation
figuring calculation
reckoning calculation
digitisation digitization
estimation estimate
approximation estimate
idea estimate
credit credit_rating
guesswork guess
guessing guess
shot guess
dead_reckoning guess
guestimate guesstimate
overestimation overestimate
overrating overestimate
overreckoning overestimate
underestimation underestimate
underrating underestimate
underreckoning underestimate
ken cognizance
foresight prevision
farsightedness prevision
prospicience prevision
apprehension understanding
discernment understanding
savvy understanding
grasp appreciation
hold appreciation
brainstorm insight
brainwave insight
realisation realization
recognition realization
breakthrough discovery
find discovery
language linguistic_process
cognitive_content content
mental_object content
reality world
real_life real_world
living life
re-experiencing reliving
food_for_thought food
intellectual_nourishment food
hobgoblin bugbear
centre center
center_of_attention center
centre_of_attention center
passion love
thing-in-itself noumenon
souvenir memento
universe_of_discourse universe
subject topic
issue topic
matter topic
hot-button_issue gut_issue
bread-and-butter_issue pocketbook_issue
res_adjudicata res_judicata
data_point datum
meter_reading reading
indication reading
familiarity acquaintance
conversance acquaintance
conversancy acquaintance
item detail
point detail
specific particular
nooks_and_crannies nook_and_cranny
regard respect
trifle technicality
triviality technicality
illustration example
instance example
representative example
excuse apology
case_in_point precedent
condition circumstance
consideration circumstance
background_knowledge background
grounds evidence
cogent_evidence proof
reductio reductio_ad_absurdum
verification confirmation
check confirmation
substantiation confirmation
redundancy_check parity_check
odd-even_check parity_check
validation establishment
falsification disproof
refutation disproof
track lead
trail lead
induction evocation
elicitation evocation
stimulus stimulation
stimulant stimulation
input stimulation
negative_stimulation turnoff
reinforcer reinforcing_stimulus
reinforcement reinforcing_stimulus
positive_reinforcer positive_reinforcing_stimulus
negative_reinforcer negative_reinforcing_stimulus
cue discriminative_stimulus
fillip bonus
delight joy
pleasure joy
bother annoyance
botheration annoyance
pain annoyance
infliction annoyance
pain_in_the_neck annoyance
pain_in_the_ass annoyance
common_nuisance public_nuisance
thorn irritant
worry concern
headache concern
vexation concern
load burden
encumbrance burden
incumbrance burden
onus burden
sorrow grief
thought idea
seed source
germ source
conception concept
construct concept
conceptualisation conceptualization
conceptuality conceptualization
snare trap
judgement judgment
mind judgment
determination decision
conclusion decision
sort kind
form kind
variety kind
variant version
variation version
edition version
style_of_architecture architectural_style
type_of_architecture architectural_style
Greco-Roman_architecture classical_architecture
Gothic_architecture gothic
Romanesque_architecture romanesque
perpendicular_style perpendicular
English-Gothic perpendicular
English-Gothic_architecture perpendicular
Moorish_architecture moorish
flavour flavor
colour color
make brand
ilk like
the_like like
the_likes_of like
regulation rule
limitation restriction
formula rule
algorithmic_rule algorithm
algorithmic_program algorithm
stemming_algorithm stemmer
heuristic_rule heuristic
heuristic_program heuristic
guideline guidepost
rule_of_thumb guidepost
rule_of_cy_pres cy_pres
cy_pres_doctrine cy_pres
working_rule working_principle
attribute property
dimension property
character quality
lineament quality
characteristic feature
feature feature_of_speech
facet aspect
attractor attraction
attracter attraction
attractive_feature attraction
magnet attraction
centrepiece centerpiece
excellency excellence
distinctive_feature peculiarity
distinguishing_characteristic peculiarity
sphere sector
enhancer foil
abstract abstraction
zero_point zero
eigenvalue_of_a_matrix eigenvalue
eigenvalue_of_a_square_matrix eigenvalue
characteristic_root_of_a_square_matrix eigenvalue
voter_turnout vote
variable_quantity variable
experimental_variable independent_variable
correlative correlate
constant_quantity constant
invariable constant
parametric_quantity parameter
mathematical_product product
least_common_multiple lowest_common_multiple
lcm lowest_common_multiple
amount sum
total sum
multinomial polynomial
biquadratic_polynomial biquadratic
quartic_polynomial biquadratic
quadratic_polynomial quadratic
convergency convergence
divergency divergence
variate random_variable
variant random_variable
stochastic_variable random_variable
chance_variable random_variable
cross_product vector_product
inner_product scalar_product
dot_product scalar_product
resultant vector_sum
be_all_and_end_all be-all_and_end-all
MacGuffin mcguffin
attracter attractor
chaotic_attractor strange_attractor
intersection_point intersection
point_of_intersection intersection
metacentre metacenter
section part
division part
constituent component
element component
factor component
ingredient component
leavening leaven
composite complex
natural_law law
basics fundamentals
fundamental_principle fundamentals
basic_principle fundamentals
bedrock fundamentals
pleasure-pain_principle pleasure_principle
pleasure-unpleasure_principle pleasure_principle
first_rudiment rudiment
first_principle rudiment
alphabet rudiment
ABC rudiment
ABC's rudiment
ABCs rudiment
law_of_nature law
rule principle
law_of_Archimedes archimedes'_principle
Avogadro's_hypothesis avogadro's_law
law_of_large_numbers bernoulli's_law
Mariotte's_law boyle's_law
Dalton's_law_of_partial_pressures dalton's_law
law_of_partial_pressures dalton's_law
Boltzmann_distribution_law maxwell-boltzmann_distribution_law
law_of_chemical_equilibrium equilibrium_law
Weber-Fechner_law fechner's_law
Charles's_law gay-lussac's_law
law_of_volumes gay-lussac's_law
Gestalt_principle_of_organization gestalt_law_of_organization
Hubble_law hubble's_law
Kepler's_law_of_planetary_motion kepler's_law
law_of_areas kepler's_second_law
law_of_equal_areas kepler's_second_law
harmonic_law kepler's_third_law
law_of_definite_proportions law_of_constant_proportion
law_of_reciprocal_proportions law_of_equivalent_proportions
Newton's_law_of_gravitation law_of_gravitation
Dalton's_law law_of_multiple_proportions
Le_Chatelier's_law le_chatelier's_principle
Le_Chatelier_principle le_chatelier's_principle
Le_Chatelier-Braun_principle le_chatelier's_principle
Newton's_law newton's_law_of_motion
law_of_motion newton's_law_of_motion
Newton's_first_law_of_motion first_law_of_motion
Newton's_first_law first_law_of_motion
Newton's_second_law_of_motion second_law_of_motion
Newton's_second_law second_law_of_motion
Newton's_third_law_of_motion third_law_of_motion
Newton's_third_law third_law_of_motion
law_of_action_and_reaction third_law_of_motion
Pascal's_law_of_fluid_pressures pascal's_law
exclusion_principle pauli_exclusion_principle
Mendeleev's_law periodic_law
big_bang_theory big-bang_theory
continuous_creation_theory steady_state_theory
possibility hypothesis
theory hypothesis
theoretical_account model
framework model
audit_programme audit_program
schema outline
scheme outline
conjecture speculation
supposition assumption
supposal assumption
requirement prerequisite
demand requirement
sine_qua_non essential_condition
presumption given
precondition given
constatation basic_assumption
self-evident_truth basic_assumption
false_belief fallacy
petitio petitio_principii
post_hoc_ergo_propter_hoc post_hoc
sophistry sophism
sophistication sophism
erroneous_belief error
self-deceit self-deception
misunderstanding mistake
misapprehension mistake
fantasy illusion
phantasy illusion
fancy illusion
ignis_fatuus will-o'-the-wisp
hallucination delusion
phantom apparition
phantasm apparition
phantasma apparition
fantasm apparition
shadow apparition
UFO unidentified_flying_object
flying_saucer unidentified_flying_object
shade ghost
spook ghost
wraith ghost
specter ghost
spectre ghost
freak_out disorientation
program plan
programme plan
programme program
defense_policy defense_program
defence_program defense_program
defence_policy defense_program
Superfund superfund_program
tax_policy tax_program
beggar-my-neighbour_policy beggar-my-neighbor_policy
beggar-my-neighbor_strategy beggar-my-neighbor_policy
beggar-my-neighbour_strategy beggar-my-neighbor_policy
design blueprint
pattern blueprint
electoral_system voting_system
uninominal_voting_system uninominal_system
single-member_system uninominal_system
scrutin_uninomial_system uninominal_system
scrutin_uninominal_voting_system uninominal_system
scrutin_de_liste list_system
scrutin_de_liste_system list_system
tactics tactic
maneuver tactic
manoeuvre tactic
strategy scheme
itinerary travel_plan
stratagem contrivance
dodge contrivance
wangling wangle
bubble house_of_cards
secret_plan plot
game plot
counterplan counterplot
machination intrigue
cabal conspiracy
regime regimen
projection project
money-spinner moneymaker
cash_cow moneymaker
docket agenda
schedule agenda
fare menu
pension_account pension_plan
retirement_plan pension_plan
retirement_savings_plan pension_plan
retirement_savings_account pension_plan
retirement_account pension_plan
retirement_program pension_plan
401-k 401-k_plan
IRA individual_retirement_account
guideline road_map
ESOP employee_stock_ownership_plan
generalisation generalization
generality generalization
rule principle
salaat salat
salah salat
salaah salat
haj hajj
hadj hajj
intimation inkling
glimmering inkling
glimmer inkling
feeling impression
belief impression
notion impression
opinion impression
hunch intuition
suspicion intuition
bosom heart
prevision prescience
whim notion
whimsy notion
whimsey notion
substance meaning
motif theme
import significance
implication significance
substance kernel
core kernel
center kernel
centre kernel
essence kernel
gist kernel
heart kernel
heart_and_soul kernel
inwardness kernel
marrow kernel
meat kernel
nub kernel
pith kernel
sum kernel
nitty-gritty kernel
haecceity quiddity
strain tenor
purport drift
undercurrent undertone
denotation reference
extension reference
idealisation idealization
idol paragon
perfection paragon
beau_ideal paragon
standard criterion
example exemplar
model exemplar
good_example exemplar
beaut beauty
abstruseness reconditeness
abstrusity reconditeness
profoundness reconditeness
profundity reconditeness
mental_representation representation
internal_representation representation
scheme schema
mental_image image
thought-image imagination_image
reading interpretation
version interpretation
role character
theatrical_role character
part character
persona character
minor_role bit_part
name_part title_role
perception percept
perceptual_experience percept
shape form
pattern form
visual_image visual_percept
field_of_view field
aspect view
prospect view
scene view
vista view
panorama view
field_of_vision visual_field
field_of_regard visual_field
ground background
memory_trace engram
aftersensation afterimage
visualization visual_image
visualisation visual_image
optical_fusion fusion
picture mental_picture
impression mental_picture
example model
loadstar lodestar
paradigm prototype
epitome prototype
image prototype
holotype type_specimen
archetype original
pilot original
pacemaker pacesetter
templet template
guide template
semblance illusion
3-D three-d
3D three-d
fuzz blur
unrealism abstractionism
concrete_representation concretism
embodiment shape
analogy doctrine_of_analogy
strong_belief conviction
article_of_faith conviction
trust faith
philosophy doctrine
philosophical_system doctrine
school_of_thought doctrine
ism doctrine
outlook expectation
prospect expectation
fetichism fetishism
sentiment opinion
persuasion opinion
view opinion
thought opinion
pacificism pacifism
faith religion
religious_belief religion
cultus cult
religious_cult cult
religious_mysticism mysticism
popular_opinion public_opinion
opinion public_opinion
vox_populi public_opinion
prepossession preconception
parti_pris preconception
preconceived_opinion preconception
preconceived_idea preconception
preconceived_notion preconception
tabu taboo
hope promise
expectancy anticipation
misgiving apprehension
spiritual_domain spiritual_world
unseen spiritual_world
superstitious_notion superstition
hodgepodge patchwork
jumble patchwork
Kabbala kabbalah
Kabala kabbalah
Cabbalah kabbalah
Cabbala kabbalah
Cabala kabbalah
Qabbalah kabbalah
Qabbala kabbalah
Cabalism kabbalism
accounting_standard accounting_principle
knightliness chivalry
moral_principle ethic
value-system ethic
value_orientation ethic
judicial_principle legal_principle
judicial_doctrine legal_principle
pre-emption preemption
relation relation_back
antiestablishmentism antiestablishmentarianism
credo creed
divine_right_of_kings divine_right
establishmentism establishmentarianism
laissez_faire individualism
irridentism irredentism
democracy majority_rule
pacificism pacifism
passivism pacifism
foreordination predestination
preordination predestination
predetermination predestination
freethinking rationalism
secular_humanism humanism
humanism humanitarianism
equalitarianism egalitarianism
thaumaturgy magic
esthetic aesthetic
peripateticism aristotelianism
deconstructionism deconstruction
empiricist_philosophy empiricism
sensationalism empiricism
existential_philosophy existentialism
existentialist_philosophy existentialism
physicalism materialism
realism platonism
naive_realism realism
semiology semiotics
sensationalism sensualism
Daoism taoism
conjuration conjuring
conjury conjuring
invocation conjuring
dispossession exorcism
summoning evocation
black_magic sorcery
black_art sorcery
necromancy sorcery
witchery witchcraft
bewitchment enchantment
demonism diabolism
Satanism diabolism
disbelief unbelief
skepticism agnosticism
scepticism agnosticism
unorthodoxy heresy
end goal
object aim
objective aim
target aim
bourne bourn
terminus destination
intent purpose
intention purpose
aim purpose
design purpose
idea mind
culture acculturation
traditional_knowledge lore
erudition eruditeness
learnedness eruditeness
learning eruditeness
scholarship eruditeness
encyclopedism eruditeness
encyclopaedism eruditeness
grounding foundation
sophistication edification
disillusion disenchantment
disillusionment disenchantment
darkness dark
nescience ignorantness
unknowing ignorantness
unknowingness ignorantness
rawness inexperience
theory_of_gravity theory_of_gravitation
gravitational_theory theory_of_gravitation
Newton's_theory_of_gravitation theory_of_gravitation
Ockham's_Razor occam's_razor
principle_of_parsimony occam's_razor
law_of_parsimony occam's_razor
Huygens'_principle_of_superposition principle_of_superposition
superposition_principle principle_of_superposition
superposition principle_of_superposition
mass_action mass-action_principle
localisation_of_function localization_of_function
localization_principle localization_of_function
localisation_principle localization_of_function
localization localization_of_function
localisation localization_of_function
lateralisation lateralization
laterality lateralization
theory_of_preformation preformation
logical_positivism positivism
Malthusian_theory malthusianism
power_law stevens'_law
Stevens'_power_law stevens'_law
subject discipline
subject_area discipline
subject_field discipline
field discipline
field_of_study discipline
study discipline
bailiwick discipline
communication_theory communications
realm region
gray_area grey_area
knowledge_base knowledge_domain
domain knowledge_domain
scientific_discipline science
math mathematics
maths mathematics
parabolic_geometry elementary_geometry
Euclidean_geometry elementary_geometry
Euclid's_postulate euclid's_axiom
Euclidean_axiom euclid's_axiom
parallel_axiom euclid's_fifth_axiom
Riemannian_geometry elliptic_geometry
analytical_geometry analytic_geometry
coordinate_geometry analytic_geometry
optic_axis principal_axis
inertial_frame inertial_reference_frame
space-time_continuum space-time
co-ordinate coordinate
descriptive_geometry projective_geometry
trig trigonometry
vector_decomposition decomposition
infinitesimal_calculus calculus
harmonic_analysis fourier_analysis
method_of_fluxions differential_calculus
derivative derived_function
differential_coefficient derived_function
differential derived_function
first_derivative derived_function
partial partial_derivative
bounded_interval closed_interval
unbounded_interval open_interval
mathematical_group group
commutative_group abelian_group
analysis_situs topology
applied_math applied_mathematics
statistical_procedure statistical_method
method_of_least_squares least_squares
norm average
distribution_free_statistic nonparametric_statistic
mean_deviation_from_the_mean mean_deviation
modal_value mode
median_value median
mean_value mean
first_moment arithmetic_mean
expectation arithmetic_mean
expected_value arithmetic_mean
Gaussian_distribution normal_distribution
bell-shaped_curve normal_curve
Gaussian_curve normal_curve
Gaussian_shape normal_curve
universe population
sample sample_distribution
sampling sample_distribution
representative_sample stratified_sample
proportional_sample stratified_sample
simple_regression regression
regression_toward_the_mean regression
statistical_regression regression
multiple_correlation multiple_regression
regression_of_y_on_x regression_equation
rectilinear_regression linear_regression
regression_curve regression_line
ANOVA analysis_of_variance
correlational_statistics correlation
nonlinear_correlation curvilinear_correlation
skew_correlation curvilinear_correlation
coefficient_of_correlation correlation_coefficient
correlation correlation_coefficient
direct_correlation positive_correlation
indirect_correlation negative_correlation
Pearson_product-moment_correlation_coefficient product-moment_correlation_coefficient
biserial_correlation biserial_correlation_coefficient
rank-order_correlation rank-order_correlation_coefficient
rank-difference_correlation_coefficient rank-order_correlation_coefficient
rank-difference_correlation rank-order_correlation_coefficient
Kendall's_tau tau_coefficient_of_correlation
Kendall_rank_correlation tau_coefficient_of_correlation
phi_correlation phi_coefficient
fourfold_point_correlation phi_coefficient
chance-half_correlation split-half_correlation
tetrachoric_correlation tetrachoric_correlation_coefficient
Bernoulli_distribution binomial_distribution
theory_of_probability probability_theory
bioscience life_science
biological_science biology
biometry biometrics
biostatistics biometrics
cacogenics dysgenics
medical_specialty medicine
aerospace_medicine aeromedicine
aviation_medicine aeromedicine
dental_medicine dentistry
odontology dentistry
endodontia endodontics
exodontia exodontics
orthodontia orthodontics
orthodonture orthodontics
dental_orthopedics orthodontics
dental_orthopaedics orthodontics
periodontia periodontics
prosthodontia prosthodontics
forensic_pathology forensic_medicine
gerontology geriatrics
gynaecology gynecology
haematology hematology
hygienics hygiene
chemoimmunology immunochemistry
general_medicine internal_medicine
clinical_neurology neurology
diagnostics nosology
OB obstetrics
tocology obstetrics
midwifery obstetrics
foetology fetology
pharmacological_medicine pharmacology
materia_medica pharmacology
pharmaceutics pharmacy
psychopathology psychiatry
psychological_medicine psychiatry
psychotherapeutics psychotherapy
mental_hygiene psychotherapy
general_anatomy anatomy
applied_anatomy clinical_anatomy
physiological_anatomy functional_anatomy
morphophysiology functional_anatomy
macroscopic_anatomy gross_anatomy
topographic_anatomy regional_anatomy
topology regional_anatomy
audiometry audiology
paediatrics pediatrics
pediatric_medicine pediatrics
pedology pediatrics
chiropody podiatry
otorhinolaryngology rhinolaryngology
otolaryngology rhinolaryngology
orthopaedics orthopedics
accident_surgery traumatology
urogenital_medicine urology
scientific_agriculture agronomy
phytology botany
bionomics ecology
environmental_science ecology
space_biology exobiology
astrobiology exobiology
bugology entomology
lepidoptery lepidopterology
palaeontology paleontology
fossilology paleontology
palaeoanthropology paleoanthropology
human_paleontology paleoanthropology
human_palaeontology paleoanthropology
palaeobotany paleobotany
algology phycology
palaeodendrology paleodendrology
palaeozoology paleozoology
palaeornithology paleornithology
genetic_science genetics
palaeobiology paleobiology
zymurgy zymology
palaeoecology paleoecology
zoological_science zoology
chemical_science chemistry
nuclear_chemistry radiochemistry
natural_philosophy physics
physical_science physics
uranology astronomy
astronautics aeronautics
cosmogony cosmology
cosmogeny cosmology
cryogeny cryogenics
electromagnetics electromagnetism
atomic_physics nuclear_physics
nucleonics nuclear_physics
high-energy_physics particle_physics
high_energy_physics particle_physics
atomic_theory atomism
atomist_theory atomism
atomistic_theory atomism
holistic_theory holism
conservation_of_electricity conservation_of_charge
law_of_conservation_of_energy conservation_of_energy
first_law_of_thermodynamics conservation_of_energy
conservation_of_matter conservation_of_mass
law_of_conservation_of_mass conservation_of_mass
law_of_conservation_of_matter conservation_of_mass
conservation_of_parity parity
space-reflection_symmetry parity
mirror_symmetry parity
cell_doctrine cell_theory
undulatory_theory wave_theory
wave_theory_of_light wave_theory
corpuscular_theory_of_light corpuscular_theory
kinetic_theory_of_gases kinetic_theory
theory_of_relativity relativity
relativity_theory relativity
Einstein's_theory_of_relativity relativity
general_theory_of_relativity general_relativity
general_relativity_theory general_relativity
Einstein's_general_theory_of_relativity general_relativity
special_theory_of_relativity special_relativity
special_relativity_theory special_relativity
Einstein's_special_theory_of_relativity special_relativity
indeterminacy_principle uncertainty_principle
theory_of_electrolytic_dissociation theory_of_dissociation
Arrhenius_theory_of_dissociation theory_of_dissociation
theory_of_organic_evolution theory_of_evolution
evolutionism theory_of_evolution
Ostwald's_theory_of_indicators theory_of_indicators
Mendelianism mendelism
theory_of_punctuated_equilibrium punctuated_equilibrium
Newtonian_mechanics classical_mechanics
QED quantum_electrodynamics
QCD quantum_chromodynamics
hydraulics fluid_mechanics
kinetics dynamics
hydrokinetics hydrodynamics
aerodynamics aeromechanics
thermodynamics_of_equilibrium thermostatics
palaeogeology paleogeology
geophysical_science geophysics
geomorphology morphology
orography orology
plate_tectonics tectonics
plate_tectonic_theory tectonics
oceanology oceanography
vulcanology volcanology
magnetics magnetism
lithology petrology
spelaeology speleology
geographics geography
physiography physical_geography
tectonics architectonics
engineering_science engineering
applied_science engineering
technology engineering
bioengineering biotechnology
ergonomics biotechnology
biotech biotechnology
gene-splicing genetic_engineering
recombinant_DNA_technology genetic_engineering
EE electrical_engineering
computing computer_science
AI artificial_intelligence
MT machine_translation
industrial_management industrial_engineering
IT information_technology
futuristics futurology
psychological_science psychology
psychopathology abnormal_psychology
association_theory associationism
industrial_psychology applied_psychology
animal_psychology comparative_psychology
genetic_psychology developmental_psychology
child_psychology developmental_psychology
psychonomics experimental_psychology
behaviourism behaviorism
behavioristic_psychology behaviorism
behaviouristic_psychology behaviorism
neuropsychology physiological_psychology
psychophysiology physiological_psychology
psychometrics psychometry
psychometrika psychometry
configurationism gestalt_psychology
informatics information_science
information_processing information_science
IP information_science
NLP natural_language_processing
human_language_technology natural_language_processing
archaeology archeology
marine_archaeology marine_archeology
underwater_archeology marine_archeology
underwater_archaeology marine_archeology
palaeoclimatology paleoclimatology
palaeogeography paleogeography
palaeopathology paleopathology
palaetiology paletiology
palaeology paleology
protoanthropology protohistory
protoarchaeology protoarcheology
descriptive_anthropology ethnography
palaeoethnography paleoethnography
cultural_anthropology social_anthropology
political_science politics
government politics
practical_politics realpolitik
political_sympathies politics
home_ec home_economics
domestic_science home_economics
household_arts home_economics
economic_science economics
political_economy economics
theory_of_games game_theory
human_ecology demography
poenology penology
biosystematy biosystematics
cladistic_analysis cladistics
humanities humanistic_discipline
liberal_arts humanistic_discipline
arts humanistic_discipline
classicalism classicism
Romantic_Movement romanticism
beaux_arts fine_arts
Oriental_Studies orientalism
moral_philosophy ethics
endaemonism eudemonism
aetiology etiology
esthetics aesthetics
law jurisprudence
legal_philosophy jurisprudence
mathematical_logic symbolic_logic
formal_logic symbolic_logic
Boolean_algebra boolean_logic
propositional_calculus propositional_logic
functional_calculus predicate_calculus
methodological_analysis methodology
philosophical_theory philosophical_doctrine
structural_sociology structuralism
structural_anthropology structuralism
linguistic_geography dialect_geography
diachronic_linguistics historical_linguistics
diachrony historical_linguistics
lit literature
lit_crit literary_criticism
metrics prosody
philology linguistics
stemmatics stemmatology
cryptanalytics cryptanalysis
cryptography cryptanalysis
cryptology cryptanalysis
sentence_structure syntax
phrase_structure syntax
phonemics phonology
sound_structure morphology
syllable_structure morphology
word_structure morphology
accidence inflectional_morphology
toponomy toponymy
conceptual_semantics cognitive_semantics
semasiology cognitive_semantics
structural_linguistics structuralism
divinity theology
liturgiology liturgics
theological_system theology
Jesuitry jesuitism
patrology patristics
precept teaching
commandment teaching
mitsvah mitzvah
Behmenism boehmenism
Byzantinism erastianism
Caesaropapism erastianism
millenarism millenarianism
millenniumism millenarianism
chiliasm millenarianism
transcendental_philosophy transcendentalism
Nativity virgin_birth
mental_attitude attitude
acceptance credence
defensive_attitude defensive
outlook mentality
mindset mentality
mind-set mentality
stance position
posture position
disposition inclination
tendency inclination
trend drift
movement drift
understanding sympathy
favouritism favoritism
propensity proclivity
leaning proclivity
set bent
preference predilection
orientation predilection
favour favor
disfavour disfavor
dislike disfavor
disapproval disfavor
partisanship partiality
anthropocentricity anthropocentrism
prejudice bias
preconception bias
provincialism sectionalism
localism sectionalism
nonpartisanship impartiality
fair-mindedness fairness
candor fairness
candour fairness
antisemitism anti-semitism
liberalness liberality
neutrality disinterest
narrowness narrow-mindedness
denominationalism sectarianism
dogmatism bigotry
fanatism fanaticism
zealotry fanaticism
esteem respect
regard respect
estimation estimate
report reputation
view position
perspective position
panoramic_view bird's_eye_view
forefront vanguard
cutting_edge vanguard
viewpoint point_of_view
stand point_of_view
standpoint point_of_view
angle slant
world_view weltanschauung
conformism conformity
heterodoxy unorthodoxy
heresy unorthodoxy
nonconformism nonconformity
nonconformance nonconformity
ideology political_orientation
political_theory political_orientation
totalitarianism absolutism
totalism absolutism
moderatism centrism
Marxism-Leninism leninism
conservativism conservatism
war_advocacy warmongering
Mandeanism mandaeanism
godlessness atheism
free_thought deism
pagan_religion paganism
heathenism paganism
obi obeah
Christian_religion christianity
Second_Adventism adventism
Catholicity catholicism
Roman_Catholicism romanism
papism romanism
Catharism albigensianism
High_Anglicanism anglo-catholicism
Puseyism tractarianism
Wesleyism wesleyanism
Hassidism hasidism
Chasidism hasidism
Chassidism hasidism
Chabad_Hasidism chabad
Islamism islam
Mohammedanism islam
Muhammadanism islam
Muslimism islam
Salafi_movement salafism
Wahabism wahhabism
Hindooism hinduism
Brahminism brahmanism
Sivaism shivaism
Saktism shaktism
Vaisnavism vaishnavism
Vishnuism vaishnavism
Mahayana_Buddhism mahayana
Theravada_Buddhism theravada
Hinayana_Buddhism hinayana
Tibetan_Buddhism lamaism
Zen_Buddhism zen
Tantrism tantra
Hsuan_Chiao taoism
Shintoism shinto
Manichaeanism manichaeism
Mithraicism mithraism
Mazdaism zoroastrianism
Parseeism parsiism
Asian_shamanism shamanism
vodoun voodoo
voodooism voodoo
hoodooism voodoo
layer level
stratum level
law_of_closure closure
law_of_common_fate common_fate
continuation good_continuation
law_of_continuation good_continuation
law_of_proximity proximity
law_of_similarity similarity
communicating communication
imparting conveyance
impartation conveyance
airing dissemination
public_exposure dissemination
spreading dissemination
extension propagation
cypher cipher
aether ether
airwave air
piece_of_paper sheet
sheet_of_paper sheet
folio leaf
bastard_title half_title
spread_head spread
spreadhead spread
facing_pages spread
centre_spread center_spread
centrefold centerfold
gatefold foldout
folio pagination
page_number pagination
paging pagination
letter_paper stationery
transmission_channel channel
communication_channel channel
line channel
waveband frequency_band
link liaison
contact liaison
inter-group_communication liaison
mass_medium medium
multimedia_system multimedia
hypermedia_system hypermedia
interactive_multimedia hypermedia
interactive_multimedia_system hypermedia
cinema film
celluloid film
public_press press
data-storage_medium storage_medium
magnetic_medium magnetic_storage_medium
magnetic_storage magnetic_storage_medium
broadcasting broadcast_medium
mail_service mail
postal_service mail
post mail
airpost airmail
RFD rural_free_delivery
1st_class first_class
first-class_mail first_class
1st-class_mail first_class
express_mail express
news_media journalism
paper newspaper
school_paper school_newspaper
rag tabloid
sheet tabloid
tabloid yellow_journalism
tab yellow_journalism
editorial column
newspaper_column column
feature_article feature
news_story news_article
newspaper_article news_article
reprint offprint
separate offprint
reprint reissue
reprinting reissue
credendum article_of_faith
lead-in lead
lede lead
lead_story lead
underground_press samizdat
telecom telecommunication
telephony telephone
voicemail voice_mail
phone_call call
telephone_call call
long-distance_call long_distance
trunk_call long_distance
cablegram cable
overseas_telegram cable
radiotelegraphy radiotelegraph
wireless_telegraphy radiotelegraph
third_class third-class_mail
telephone_message phone_message
radiotelephony radiotelephone
wireless_telephone radiotelephone
radiocommunication radio
wireless radio
telecasting television
TV television
video television
picture video
sound audio
cable cable_television
HDTV high-definition_television
data_communication digital_communication
ATM asynchronous_transfer_mode
e-mail electronic_mail
email electronic_mail
junk_e-mail spam
electronic_messaging messaging
command_prompt prompt
fiberoptics fiber_optics
fibre_optics fiber_optics
fibreoptics fiber_optics
detection signal_detection
AM amplitude_modulation
FM frequency_modulation
PM phase_modulation
infection contagion
linguistic_communication language
target_language object_language
linguistic_unit language_unit
linguistic_context context
context_of_use context
opposite_word antonym
opposite antonym
portmanteau_word blend
portmanteau blend
cognate_word cognate
open-class_word content_word
deictic_word deictic
dissyllable disyllable
word_form form
signifier form
descriptor form
four-letter_Anglo-Saxon_word four-letter_word
closed-class_word function_word
guideword guide_word
catchword guide_word
head_word head
head_word headword
whole_name holonym
superordinate hypernym
superordinate_word hypernym
subordinate hyponym
subordinate_word hyponym
loan-blend loanblend
hybrid loanblend
loan loanword
part_name meronym
monosyllabic_word monosyllable
neology neologism
coinage neologism
hapax_legomenon nonce_word
plural_form plural
singular_form singular
root_word root
base root
stem root
theme root
radical root
root etymon
main_entry_word citation_form
entry_word citation_form
dictionary_entry lexical_entry
calque_formation calque
loan_translation calque
polysemantic_word polysemant
polysemous_word polysemant
polysyllabic_word polysyllable
logical_quantifier quantifier
existential_operator existential_quantifier
equivalent_word synonym
nomenclature terminology
language terminology
manner_name troponym
spoken_word vocable
penultima penult
penultimate penult
antepenultima antepenult
antepenultimate antepenult
sesquipedalia sesquipedalian
free_form free_morpheme
bound_form bound_morpheme
termination ending
postfix suffix
inflectional_suffix inflectional_ending
syntactic_category grammatical_category
paradigm substitution_class
object_of_a_preposition prepositional_object
object_of_the_verb direct_object
grammatical_case case
nominative_case nominative
subject_case nominative
oblique_case oblique
accusative_case accusative
objective_case accusative
dative_case dative
genitive_case genitive
possessive genitive
possessive_case genitive
attributive_genitive_case attributive_genitive
vocative_case vocative
ablative_case ablative
grammatical_constituent constituent
syntagm syntagma
grammatical_construction construction
expression construction
independent_clause main_clause
dependent_clause subordinate_clause
descriptive_clause nonrestrictive_clause
parenthetical parenthetical_expression
nominal_phrase noun_phrase
nominal noun_phrase
verb_phrase predicate
pronominal pronominal_phrase
form_class part_of_speech
word_class part_of_speech
modal_auxiliary modal_auxiliary_verb
modal_verb modal_auxiliary_verb
modal modal_auxiliary_verb
proper_name proper_noun
deverbal_noun verbal_noun
qualifier modifier
intensive intensifier
qualifying_adjective descriptive_adjective
classifying_adjective relational_adjective
positive_degree positive
comparative_degree comparative
superlative_degree superlative
misplaced_modifier dangling_modifier
determinative determiner
demonstrative demonstrative_pronoun
conjunctive conjunction
connective conjunction
continuative conjunction
subordinate_conjunction subordinating_conjunction
reflexive reflexive_pronoun
grammatical_gender gender
present_tense present
past_tense past
future_tense future
participial participle
perfect_participle past_participle
transitive_verb_form transitive_verb
transitive transitive_verb
doubly_transitive_verb_form doubly_transitive_verb
intransitive_verb_form intransitive_verb
intransitive intransitive_verb
participant_role semantic_role
patient_role affected_role
patient affected_role
agent agentive_role
beneficiary benefactive_role
instrument instrumental_role
locative locative_role
recipient recipient_role
result resultant_role
temporal temporal_role
fictitious_name assumed_name
Doing_Business_As assumed_name
DBA assumed_name
filename_extension extension
file_name_extension extension
file_name filename
computer_filename filename
computer_file_name filename
patronym patronymic
metronymic matronymic
family_name surname
cognomen surname
last_name surname
given_name first_name
forename first_name
baptismal_name christian_name
moniker nickname
cognomen nickname
sobriquet nickname
soubriquet nickname
byname nickname
assumed_name alias
false_name alias
anonym pseudonym
nom_de_guerre pseudonym
nom_de_plume pen_name
author's_name writer's_name
denomination appellation
designation appellation
appellative appellation
hypocorism pet_name
title_of_respect title
form_of_address title
Agha aga
Mr mister
Mr. mister
Mrs. mrs
Ms. ms
toponym place_name
header heading
head heading
crosshead crossheading
newspaper_headline headline
running_headline running_head
subhead subheading
drop_line dropline
stepped_line dropline
stagger_head dropline
staggered_head dropline
stephead dropline
banner streamer
statute_title title
rubric title
legend caption
trot pony
crib pony
caption subtitle
surtitle supertitle
line_of_verse line_of_poetry
credit_line by-line
written_language written_communication
black_and_white written_communication
written_text transcription
stenography shorthand
tachygraphy shorthand
running_hand longhand
cursive longhand
cursive_script longhand
writing_system orthography
Aramaic_script aramaic
Armenian_alphabet armenian
Devanagari_script devanagari
Nagari devanagari
Nagari_script devanagari
Uigur uighur
Uygur uighur
access_code access
backdoor back_door
Universal_Product_Code bar_code
cryptograph cryptogram
secret_writing cryptogram
cypher cipher
cryptograph cipher
secret_code cipher
Morse_code morse
international_Morse_code morse
ZIP zip_code
postcode zip_code
postal_code zip_code
computer_code code
parameter argument
computer_address address
reference address
ASCII american_standard_code_for_information_interchange
ECC error_correction_code
microcode firmware
machine_language machine_code
order_code operation_code
uniform_resource_locator url
universal_resource_locator url
webpage web_page
homepage home_page
website web_site
internet_site web_site
site web_site
chatroom chat_room
portal portal_site
alphabetic_script alphabetic_writing
syllabic_script syllabary
hieratic_script hieratic
hieroglyphic hieroglyph
written_material writing
piece_of_writing writing
patrology patristics
revision rewrite
rescript rewrite
literary_work literary_composition
belles_lettres belles-lettres
dialog dialogue
fictionalisation fictionalization
nonfictional_prose nonfiction
mystery_novel detective_novel
penny_dreadful dime_novel
phantasy fantasy
novella novelette
heroic_tale adventure_story
mystery_story mystery
whodunit mystery
romance love_story
fable legend
parable fable
allegory fable
apologue fable
Ragnarok gotterdammerung
Twilight_of_the_Gods gotterdammerung
plot_line storyline
culmination climax
bathos anticlimax
literary_criticism criticism
Masora masorah
verse_form poem
Alcaic_verse alcaic
lay ballad
doggerel_verse doggerel
jingle doggerel
bucolic eclogue
idyll eclogue
idyl eclogue
lament elegy
heroic_poem epic_poem
epic epic_poem
epos epic_poem
Divina_Commedia divine_comedy
vers_libre free_verse
lyric_poem lyric
rondel rondeau
rhyme verse
Italian_sonnet petrarchan_sonnet
Elizabethan_sonnet shakespearean_sonnet
English_sonnet shakespearean_sonnet
Sapphic_ode horatian_ode
Pindaric pindaric_ode
envoi envoy
verse_line verse
Adonic_line adonic
heroic_meter heroic_verse
heroic heroic_verse
textual_matter text
blank_space space
place space
indention indentation
indent indentation
indenture indentation
written_matter copy
prelims front_matter
end_matter back_matter
draft_copy draft
instalment installment
fascicule fascicle
subdivision section
clause article
escalator escalator_clause
preface foreword
prolusion foreword
end conclusion
close conclusion
closing conclusion
ending conclusion
epilog epilogue
epilog epilogue
continuation sequel
supplement addendum
postscript addendum
excerption excerpt
extract excerpt
selection excerpt
journal diary
blog web_log
capitalisation capitalization
typewriting typing
touch_system touch_typing
hand handwriting
script handwriting
hieroglyphic hieroglyph
penmanship calligraphy
chirography calligraphy
scratch scribble
scrawl scribble
cacography scribble
John_Hancock autograph
countersign countersignature
indorsement endorsement
endorsement_in_blank blank_endorsement
lettering inscription
inscription dedication
ms manuscript
holograph manuscript
leaf-book codex
roll scroll
version adaptation
thesis dissertation
pamphlet tract
paper composition
report composition
theme composition
critique review
critical_review review
review_article review
pharmacopeia formulary
trade_edition trade_book
bestseller best_seller
cookery_book cookbook
pop-up pop-up_book
brochure booklet
folder booklet
leaflet booklet
pamphlet booklet
text textbook
text_edition textbook
schoolbook textbook
school_text textbook
appointment_calendar appointment_book
catalogue catalog
prayerbook prayer_book
Book_of_Psalms psalter
reference reference_book
reference_work reference_book
book_of_facts reference_book
hymnbook hymnal
hymnary hymnal
lexicon dictionary
collegiate_dictionary desk_dictionary
school_dictionary learner's_dictionary
little_dictionary pocket_dictionary
spelling_checker spell-checker
unabridged unabridged_dictionary
O.E.D. oxford_english_dictionary
OED oxford_english_dictionary
gloss glossary
synonym_finder thesaurus
wordfinder word_finder
enchiridion handbook
vade_mecum handbook
consuetudinal consuetudinary
instructions instruction_manual
book_of_instructions instruction_manual
operating_instructions instruction_manual
guide guidebook
itinerary travel_guidebook
ready_reckoner reckoner
phone_book phonebook
telephone_book phonebook
telephone_directory phonebook
ballistic_fingerprinting ballistic_identification
bullet_fingerprinting ballistic_identification
biometric_authentication biometric_identification
identity_verification biometric_identification
identification_number number
BIN bank_identification_number
ABA_transit_number bank_identification_number
registration_number license_number
telephone_number phone_number
number phone_number
yearly annual
yearbook annual
farmer's_calendar almanac
book_of_maps atlas
map_collection atlas
linguistic_atlas dialect_atlas
cyclopedia encyclopedia
encyclopaedia encyclopedia
cyclopaedia encyclopedia
redaction editing
excision deletion
cut deletion
revising rewriting
revisal revision
revise revision
rescript revision
recasting rewording
rephrasing rewording
paraphrasis paraphrase
sacred_writing sacred_text
religious_writing sacred_text
religious_text sacred_text
sacred_scripture scripture
Granth adi_granth
Granth_Sahib adi_granth
Zend-Avesta avesta
Bhagavadgita bhagavad-gita
Gita bhagavad-gita
Mahabharatam mahabharata
Mahabharatum mahabharata
Christian_Bible bible
Book bible
Good_Book bible
Holy_Scripture bible
Holy_Writ bible
Scripture bible
Word_of_God bible
Word bible
Book_of_Genesis genesis
Book_of_Exodus exodus
Book_of_Leviticus leviticus
Book_of_Numbers numbers
Book_of_Deuteronomy deuteronomy
mezuza mezuzah
Josue joshua
Book_of_Joshua joshua
Book_of_Judges judges
Book_of_Ruth ruth
1_Samuel i_samuel
2_Samuel ii_samuel
1_Kings i_kings
2_Kings ii_kings
1_Chronicles i_chronicles
2_Chronicles ii_chronicles
Book_of_Ezra ezra
Book_of_Nehemiah nehemiah
Book_of_Esther esther
Book_of_Job job
Book_of_Psalms psalms
Book_of_Proverbs proverbs
Book_of_Ecclesiastes ecclesiastes
Song_of_Solomon song_of_songs
Canticle_of_Canticles song_of_songs
Canticles song_of_songs
Book_of_Isaiah isaiah
Book_of_Jeremiah jeremiah
Book_of_Lamentations lamentations
Ezechiel ezekiel
Book_of_Ezekiel ezekiel
Book_of_Daniel daniel
Book_of_the_Prophet_Daniel daniel
Book_of_Hosea hosea
Book_of_Joel joel
Book_of_Amos amos
Abdias obadiah
Book_of_Obadiah obadiah
Book_of_Jonah jonah
Micheas micah
Book_of_Micah micah
Book_of_Nahum nahum
Habacuc habakkuk
Book_of_Habakkuk habakkuk
Sophonias zephaniah
Book_of_Zephaniah zephaniah
Aggeus haggai
Book_of_Haggai haggai
Zacharias zechariah
Book_of_Zachariah zechariah
Malachias malachi
Book_of_Malachi malachi
Gospel_According_to_Matthew matthew
Gospel_According_to_Mark mark
Gospel_of_Luke luke
Gospel_According_to_Luke luke
Gospel_According_to_John john
Acts acts_of_the_apostles
Epistle_to_the_Romans epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_the_romans
Romans epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_the_romans
First_Epistle_to_the_Corinthians first_epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_the_corinthians
I_Corinthians first_epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_the_corinthians
Second_Epistle_to_the_Corinthians second_epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_the_corinthians
II_Corinthians second_epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_the_corinthians
Epistle_to_the_Galatians epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_the_galatians
Galatians epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_the_galatians
Epistle_to_the_Ephesians epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_the_ephesians
Ephesians epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_the_ephesians
Epistle_to_the_Philippians epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_the_philippians
Philippians epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_the_philippians
Epistle_to_the_Colossians epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_the_colossians
Colossians epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_the_colossians
First_Epistle_to_the_Thessalonians first_epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_the_thessalonians
I_Thessalonians first_epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_the_thessalonians
Second_Epistle_to_the_Thessalonians second_epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_the_thessalonians
II_Thessalonians second_epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_the_thessalonians
First_Epistle_to_Timothy first_epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_timothy
I_Timothy first_epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_timothy
Second_Epistle_to_Timothy second_epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_timothy
II_Timothy second_epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_timothy
Epistle_to_Titus epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_titus
Titus epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_titus
Epistle_to_Philemon epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_philemon
Philemon epistle_of_paul_the_apostle_to_philemon
Hebrews epistle_to_the_hebrews
James epistle_of_james
I_Peter first_epistle_of_peter
II_Peter second_epistle_of_peter
I_John first_epistle_of_john
II_John second_epistel_of_john
III_John third_epistel_of_john
Jude epistle_of_jude
Revelation_of_Saint_John_the_Divine revelation
Apocalypse revelation
Book_of_Revelation revelation
Douay_Version douay_bible
Douay-Rheims_Bible douay_bible
Douay-Rheims_Version douay_bible
Rheims-Douay_Bible douay_bible
Rheims-Douay_Version douay_bible
King_James_Version authorized_version
King_James_Bible authorized_version
American_Revised_Version american_standard_version
Pentateuch torah
Laws torah
Tanach tanakh
Hebrew_Scripture tanakh
Nebiim prophets
Haftarah haftorah
Haphtorah haftorah
Haphtarah haftorah
Ketubim hagiographa
Writings hagiographa
Gospels gospel
evangel gospel
Synoptics synoptic_gospels
Hail_Mary ave_maria
Nunc_dimittis canticle_of_simeon
evensong evening_prayer
Book_of_Susanna susanna
Book_of_Baruch baruch
Epistle_of_Jeremiah letter_of_jeremiah
Book_of_Tobit tobit
Book_of_Judith judith
1_Esdras i_esdra
2_Esdras ii_esdras
Sirach ben_sira
Ecclesiasticus ben_sira
Wisdom_of_Jesus_the_Son_of_Sirach ben_sira
Wisdom wisdom_of_solomon
1_Maccabees i_maccabees
2_Maccabees ii_maccabees
wisdom_book sapiential_book
wisdom_literature sapiential_book
Quran koran
al-Qur'an koran
Book koran
Fatihah fatiha
Mishnah mishna
Haggada haggadah
Hagada haggadah
Halaka halakah
Halacha halakah
Veda vedic_literature
sum-up summary
summarisation summarization
literary_argument argument
abridgement condensation
abridgment condensation
capsule condensation
CV curriculum_vitae
resume curriculum_vitae
synopsis outline
abstract outline
precis outline
recap recapitulation
review recapitulation
survey sketch
resume sketch
summing_up summation
rundown summation
written_document document
papers document
certification certificate
credential certificate
credentials certificate
commercial_instrument commercial_document
copulative copula
linking_verb copula
right_of_first_publication copyright
inclosure enclosure
personality_assessment personality_inventory
self-report_inventory self-report_personality_inventory
CPI california_personality_inventory
EPI eysenck_personality_inventory
MMPI minnesota_multiphasic_personality_inventory
16_PF sixteen_personality_factor_questionnaire
requisition_form requisition
Magna_Charta magna_carta
The_Great_Charter magna_carta
identity_card card
borrower's_card library_card
sheepskin diploma
HND higher_national_diploma
military_commission commission
teacher's_certificate teaching_certificate
legal_instrument legal_document
official_document legal_document
instrument legal_document
derivative derivative_instrument
listing list
point item
position place
agendum agenda
order_of_business agenda
order_book order_paper
card batting_order
lineup batting_order
cleanup_position cleanup
cleanup_spot cleanup
black_book blacklist
shitlist blacklist
catalogue catalog
library_catalogue library_catalog
card_catalogue card_catalog
parts_catalogue parts_catalog
seed_catalogue seed_catalog
honours_list class_list
table_of_contents contents
record criminal_record
numbering enumeration
shopping_list grocery_list
stock_list inventory
bill_of_fare menu
card menu
carte_du_jour menu
carte menu
flag masthead
computer_menu menu
cascading_menu hierarchical_menu
submenu hierarchical_menu
play_list playlist
push-down_stack push-down_list
stack push-down_list
roster roll
shortlist short_list
ticket slate
Latin_alphabet roman_alphabet
Hebraic_alphabet hebrew_alphabet
Hebrew_script hebrew_alphabet
Cyrillic cyrillic_alphabet
alphanumeric_characters alphanumerics
sound_alphabet phonetic_alphabet
finger_alphabet manual_alphabet
patent_of_invention patent
political_platform platform
political_program platform
program platform
cadastre cadaster
written_account written_record
day_book blotter
police_blotter blotter
rap_sheet blotter
charge_sheet blotter
Doomsday_Book domesday_book
nol_pros nolle_prosequi
copy transcript
jot jotting
scholia scholium
memorandum memo
memoranda memo
position_paper aide-memoire
registry register
check_stub stub
counterfoil stub
scorecard card
proceedings minutes
transactions minutes
data_file file
main_file master_file
detail_file transaction_file
input_data input_file
document text_file
mug_book mug_file
stepping_down abdication
declaration resolution
resolve resolution
petition request
postulation request
appeal solicitation
collection solicitation
ingathering solicitation
account history
chronicle history
story history
medical_record medical_history
anamnesis medical_history
historical_paper historical_document
historical_record historical_document
chronological_record annals
life biography
life_story biography
life_history biography
financial_statement statement
account bill
invoice bill
doctor's_bill medical_bill
telephone_bill phone_bill
tally reckoning
chit check
tab check
voucher coupon
luncheon_voucher meal_ticket
season_ticket commutation_ticket
airplane_ticket plane_ticket
train_ticket railroad_ticket
theatre_ticket theater_ticket
return_ticket round-trip_ticket
ticket_stub stub
waybill bill_of_lading
contract_of_adhesion adhesion_contract
marriage_settlement marriage_contract
insurance_policy policy
insurance policy
purchase_agreement purchase_contract
contract_under_seal sealed_instrument
special_contract sealed_instrument
confederacy conspiracy
floating_policy floater
shipping_articles articles_of_agreement
grant concession
labor_agreement labor_contract
collective_agreement labor_contract
employment_agreement employment_contract
acquisition_agreement merger_agreement
sales_agreement sale
contract_of_hazard sale_in_gross
execution_sale sheriff's_sale
judicial_sale sheriff's_sale
forced_sale sheriff's_sale
estimate appraisal
estimation appraisal
overestimation overestimate
overvaluation overestimate
overappraisal overestimate
purchase_order order
bill-me_order credit_order
stop-loss_order stop_order
work_papers working_papers
work_permit working_papers
enactment act
Racketeer_Influenced_and_Corrupt_Organizations_Act anti-racketeering_law
RICO_Act anti-racketeering_law
RICO anti-racketeering_law
antitrust_law antitrust_legislation
organic_law fundamental_law
constitution fundamental_law
U.S._Constitution united_states_constitution
US_Constitution united_states_constitution
Constitution united_states_constitution
Constitution_of_the_United_States united_states_constitution
Justinian_code roman_law
civil_law roman_law
jus_civile roman_law
precedent case_law
common_law case_law
statute_law legislation
federal_job_safety_law occupational_safety_and_health_act
interlingual_rendition translation
rendering translation
version translation
measure bill
edict decree
fiat decree
order decree
rescript decree
judicial_separation legal_separation
pragmatic pragmatic_sanction
ban prohibition
proscription prohibition
enjoining injunction
enjoinment injunction
cease_and_desist_order injunction
final_injunction permanent_injunction
interlocutory_injunction temporary_injunction
legal_brief brief
testament will
probate_will probate
deed_of_conveyance deed
title deed
deed_of_trust trust_deed
quitclaim_deed quitclaim
arrest_warrant bench_warrant
lettre_de_cachet cachet
income_tax_return tax_return
return tax_return
estimated_tax_return declaration_of_estimated_tax
licence license
permit license
driver's_licence driver's_license
driving_license driver's_license
driving_licence driver's_license
fishing_licence fishing_license
fishing_permit fishing_license
hunting_licence hunting_license
hunting_permit hunting_license
game_license hunting_license
letters_of_marque letter_of_marque
letter_of_mark_and_reprisal letter_of_marque
liquor_licence liquor_license
marriage_licence marriage_license
wedding_license marriage_license
wedding_licence marriage_license
occupation_licence occupation_license
letters_patent patent
legal_opinion opinion
judgment opinion
judgement opinion
amnesty pardon
release acquittance
judicial_writ writ
writ_of_certiorari certiorari
writ_of_execution execution
execution_of_instrument execution
writ_of_habeas_corpus habeas_corpus
writ_of_mandamus mandamus
authorization mandate
authorisation mandate
process summons
subpoena_ad_testificandum subpoena
interdiction interdict
process_of_monition monition
pleading_in_the_alternative alternative_pleading
non_vult nolo_contendere
plea_of_insanity insanity_plea
complaint charge
rebuttal rebutter
surrebuttal surrebutter
plea_bargaining plea_bargain
statute legislative_act
enabling_clause enabling_act
FISA foreign_intelligence_surveillance_act
software_program software
computer_software software
software_system software
software_package software
package software
CAD computer-aided_design
OS operating_system
disk_operating_system dos
Microsoft_disk_operating_system ms-dos
UNIX_system unix
UNIX_operating_system unix
programme program
computer_program program
computer_programme program
application_program application
applications_programme application
binary_program binary
web_browser browser
Explorer internet_explorer
IE internet_explorer
natural_language_processing_application natural_language_processor
word_processing_system word_processor
assembly_program assembler
compiling_program compiler
device_driver driver
editor editor_program
user_interface interface
CLI command_line_interface
GUI graphical_user_interface
interpretive_program interpreter
monitoring_program monitor_program
target_program object_program
tagging_program tagger
pos_tagger part-of-speech_tagger
Web_Map_Server web_map_service
wanderer spider
sorting_program sort_program
supervisor supervisory_program
executive_program supervisory_program
systems_program system_program
systems_software system_program
translating_program translator
utility utility_program
service_program utility_program
flowchart flow_chart
flow_diagram flow_chart
flow_sheet flow_chart
logical_diagram logic_diagram
subroutine routine
subprogram routine
procedure routine
function routine
executive_routine supervisory_routine
service_routine utility_routine
command instruction
statement instruction
program_line instruction
slag_code logic_bomb
trojan_horse trojan
computer_virus virus
macro_instruction macro
supervisor_call_instruction system_call
documentation software_documentation
on-line_database electronic_database
computer_database electronic_database
electronic_information_service electronic_database
DBMS database_management_system
printing impression
variorum_edition variorum
test_copy proof
trial_impression proof
compendium collection
record_album album
benefit_album tribute_album
diwan divan
garland florilegium
miscellany florilegium
digest compilation
serial series
serial_publication series
mag magazine
scratch_sheet dope_sheet
pulp_magazine pulp
slick_magazine slick
glossy slick
number issue
reading_material reading
bumph bumf
perusing perusal
poring_over perusal
studying perusal
browsing browse
skimming skim
content message
subject_matter message
substance message
topic subject
theme subject
aside digression
excursus digression
divagation digression
parenthesis digression
declaratory_sentence declarative_sentence
significance meaning
signification meaning
import meaning
symbolisation symbolization
signified sense
word_sense word_meaning
acceptation word_meaning
connotation intension
essence effect
burden effect
core effect
gist effect
amphiboly amphibology
purport intent
spirit intent
lesson moral
nicety nuance
shade nuance
subtlety nuance
refinement nuance
crux_of_the_matter crux
bunk nonsense
nonsensicality nonsense
meaninglessness nonsense
hokum nonsense
absurdness absurdity
ridiculousness absurdity
nonsense_verse amphigory
fiddle-faddle balderdash
piffle balderdash
cant buzzword
fal_la fa_la
gibber gibberish
incoherency incoherence
unintelligibility incoherence
flummery mummery
hot_air palaver
empty_words palaver
empty_talk palaver
rhetoric palaver
rigamarole rigmarole
schmegegge shmegegge
stuff_and_nonsense stuff
hooey stuff
poppycock stuff
babbling babble
lallation babble
blatherskite blather
snake_oil humbug
jabbering jabber
gabble jabber
boloney baloney
bilgewater baloney
bosh baloney
drool baloney
humbug baloney
taradiddle baloney
tarradiddle baloney
tommyrot baloney
tosh baloney
twaddle baloney
bull bullshit
Irish_bull bullshit
horseshit bullshit
shit bullshit
crap bullshit
dogshit bullshit
bunkum bunk
buncombe bunk
guff bunk
rot bunk
hogwash bunk
rubbish folderol
tripe folderol
trumpery folderol
trash folderol
wish-wash folderol
applesauce folderol
codswallop folderol
pablum pap
garbage drivel
analecta analects
newspaper_clipping clipping
press_clipping clipping
cutting clipping
press_cutting clipping
track cut
quote quotation
citation quotation
misquote misquotation
film movie
picture movie
moving_picture movie
moving-picture_show movie
motion_picture movie
motion-picture_show movie
picture_show movie
pic movie
flick movie
shot scene
feature_film feature
travelog travelogue
horse_opera western
animated_cartoon cartoon
toon cartoon
docudrama documentary
documentary_film documentary
infotainment documentary
silent_picture silent_movie
silents silent_movie
talkie talking_picture
3-D three-d
3D three-d
program broadcast
programme broadcast
news_show news_program
news news_program
chat_show talk_show
TV_program television_program
television_show television_program
TV_show television_program
colourcast colorcast
pilot_film pilot_program
pilot pilot_program
giveaway game_show
series serial
installment episode
instalment episode
wire telegram
registered_post registered_mail
missive letter
cover_letter covering_letter
encyclical_letter encyclical
air_letter airmail_letter
aerogram airmail_letter
aerogramme airmail_letter
short_letter note
line note
billet note
billet_doux love_letter
dead_mail dead_letter
post_card postcard
postal_card postcard
mailing-card postcard
acknowledgement acknowledgment
word_of_farewell farewell
adios adieu
arrivederci adieu
auf_wiedersehen adieu
au_revoir adieu
bye adieu
bye-bye adieu
cheerio adieu
good-by adieu
goodby adieu
good-bye adieu
goodbye adieu
good_day adieu
sayonara adieu
so_long adieu
send-off bon_voyage
salutation greeting
wish regard
compliments regard
response reception
kiss_of_peace pax
hospitality cordial_reception
ciao aloha
shake handshake
handshaking handshake
handclasp handshake
hullo hello
hi hello
howdy hello
how-do-you-do hello
morning good_morning
afternoon good_afternoon
military_greeting salute
visiting_card calling_card
card calling_card
commiseration condolence
felicitation congratulation
regrets declination
info information
inside_information details
poop dope
the_skinny dope
low-down dope
record_book record
book record
formatting format
data_format format
data_formatting format
initialization low-level_formatting
initialisation low-level_formatting
MEDLARS medical_literature_analysis_and_retrieval_system
MRD machine_readable_dictionary
electronic_dictionary machine_readable_dictionary
Princeton_WordNet wordnet
rudiments basics
index_number index
indicant index
indicator index
BMI body_mass_index
Dow-Jones_Industrial_Average dow_jones
Standard_and_Poor's_Index standard_and_poor's
price_level price_index
wholesale_price_index producer_price_index
CPI consumer_price_index
cost-of-living_index consumer_price_index
stock_market_index stock_index
intelligence news
tidings news
word news
intelligence_information intelligence
clew clue
cue clue
genetic_fingerprint dna_fingerprint
facial_recognition face_recognition
automatic_face_recognition face_recognition
finger_scanning finger_scan
footmark footprint
step footprint
mark sign
vestige trace
tincture trace
shadow trace
monstrance demonstration
testimonial testimony
statement argument
determiner clincher
determining_factor clincher
reenforcement reinforcement
certification documentation
corroboration documentation
counsel guidance
counseling guidance
counselling guidance
direction guidance
lead tip
steer tip
confidential_information tip
wind tip
hint tip
prescript rule
rules_of_order order
parliamentary_law order
parliamentary_procedure order
precept principle
roof ceiling
cap ceiling
base floor
import_barrier trade_barrier
trade_embargo embargo
trade_stoppage embargo
interference intervention
noninterference nonintervention
national_trading_policy trade_policy
open_door open-door_policy
ethical_code ethic
ordinance regulation
communications_protocol protocol
FTP file_transfer_protocol
anonymous_file_transfer_protocol anonymous_ftp
HTTP hypertext_transfer_protocol
MIDI musical_instrument_digital_interface
TCP transmission_control_protocol
TCP/IP transmission_control_protocol/internet_protocol
cloture closure
gag_rule closure
gag_law closure
guillotine closure_by_compartment
codification code
U._S._Code united_states_code
health_code sanitary_code
quadratic quadratic_equation
biquadratic biquadratic_equation
Schrodinger_wave_equation schrodinger_equation
monition admonition
warning admonition
word_of_advice admonition
deterrent_example example
lesson example
object_lesson example
arcanum secret
cabbala cabala
cabbalah cabala
kabala cabala
kabbala cabala
kabbalah cabala
qabala cabala
qabalah cabala
watchword password
word password
parole password
countersign password
course_catalogue course_catalog
prospectus course_catalog
wellspring well
fountainhead well
program course_of_study
programme course_of_study
curriculum course_of_study
syllabus course_of_study
crash_program crash_course
crash_programme crash_course
printing_process printing
composition typography
fine_print small_print
letterpress relief_printing
intaglio intaglio_printing
gravure intaglio_printing
planography planographic_printing
collotype_printing collotype
photogelatin_process collotype
photo-offset photo-offset_printing
offset_printing offset
news_report report
story report
account report
write_up report
newssheet newsletter
newsflash news_bulletin
flash news_bulletin
newsbreak news_bulletin
despatch dispatch
communique dispatch
scoop exclusive
reporting coverage
reportage coverage
dedication commitment
swearing oath
warrant guarantee
warrantee guarantee
warranty guarantee
surety security
commendation approval
countenance sanction
endorsement sanction
indorsement sanction
warrant sanction
imprimatur sanction
O.K. o
OK o
okay o
okey o
okeh o
credit recognition
commemoration memorial
remembrance memorial
standing_ovation ovation
salutation salute
secret_approval connivance
tacit_consent connivance
liberty_chit pass
laissez_passer pass
boarding_pass boarding_card
passport pass
safeguard safe-conduct
acclamation acclaim
plaudits acclaim
plaudit acclaim
eclat acclaim
hand_clapping applause
clapping applause
hooray hurrah
congratulations praise
kudos praise
extolment praise
eulogy encomium
panegyric encomium
paean encomium
pean encomium
eulogium eulogy
testimonial recommendation
good_word recommendation
reference character
character_reference character
cajolery blandishment
palaver blandishment
coaxing blarney
soft_soap blarney
sweet_talk blarney
smarm unction
fulsomeness unction
accolade award
honor award
honour award
laurels award
testimonial tribute
degree academic_degree
associate associate_degree
AA associate_in_arts
AAS associate_in_applied_science
AN associate_in_nursing
baccalaureate bachelor's_degree
BA bachelor_of_arts
Artium_Baccalaurens bachelor_of_arts
AB bachelor_of_arts
ABLS bachelor_of_arts_in_library_science
BAN bachelor_of_arts_in_nursing
BD bachelor_of_divinity
BLitt bachelor_of_literature
MB bachelor_of_medicine
BMus bachelor_of_music
BNS bachelor_of_naval_science
BS bachelor_of_science
SB bachelor_of_science
BSArch bachelor_of_science_in_architecture
ThB bachelor_of_theology
honours_degree honours
first-class_honours_degree first
MArch master_of_architecture
MA master_of_arts
Artium_Magister master_of_arts
AM master_of_arts
MALS master_of_arts_in_library_science
MAT master_of_arts_in_teaching
Master_in_Business_Administration master_in_business
MBA master_in_business
MDiv master_of_divinity
MEd master_of_education
MFA master_of_fine_arts
MLitt master_of_literature
MLS master_of_library_science
MS master_of_science
SM master_of_science
MSc master_of_science
ThM master_of_theology
doctorate doctor's_degree
DMD doctor_of_dental_medicine
DDS doctor_of_dental_surgery
DD doctor_of_divinity
EdD doctor_of_education
DEd doctor_of_education
MD doctor_of_medicine
DMus doctor_of_music
MusD doctor_of_music
AMusD doctor_of_musical_arts
OD doctor_of_optometry
DO doctor_of_osteopathy
D.A. doctor_of_arts
Ph.D. ph
PhD ph
DPH doctor_of_public_health
ThD doctor_of_theology
STD doctor_of_sacred_theology
LLB bachelor_of_laws
LLM master_of_laws
honoris_causa honorary_degree
ArtsD doctor_of_arts
LLD doctor_of_laws
DS doctor_of_science
ScD doctor_of_science
crown pennant
seal cachet
seal_of_approval cachet
commendation citation
honorable_mention mention
varsity_letter letter
laurel_wreath decoration
medal decoration
medallion decoration
palm decoration
ribbon decoration
Congressional_Medal_of_Honor medal_of_honor
Silver_Star silver_star_medal
Bronze_Star bronze_star_medal
Purple_Heart order_of_the_purple_heart
condemnation disapprobation
animadversion censure
demonisation demonization
unfavorable_judgment criticism
carping faultfinding
attack fire
flak fire
flack fire
blast fire
reproof rebuke
reproval rebuke
reprehension rebuke
reprimand rebuke
preaching sermon
scolding chiding
objurgation chiding
tongue-lashing chiding
wigging wig
earful castigation
bawling_out castigation
chewing_out castigation
upbraiding castigation
going-over castigation
dressing_down castigation
blowing_up berating
self-reproof self-reproach
rap blame
speech lecture
talking_to lecture
chastening correction
chastisement correction
admonishment admonition
monition admonition
discourtesy disrespect
insult abuse
revilement abuse
contumely abuse
vilification abuse
scorn contempt
jeering jeer
mockery jeer
scoff jeer
scoffing jeer
leer sneer
squelch put-down
squelcher put-down
takedown put-down
befooling stultification
depreciation disparagement
derogation disparagement
belittling denigration
slur aspersion
petty_criticism detraction
disdain condescension
patronage condescension
calumny defamation
calumniation defamation
obloquy defamation
traducement defamation
hatchet_job defamation
assassination character_assassination
blackwash character_assassination
vilification smear
malignment smear
names name_calling
epithet name
billingsgate scurrility
cut stinger
invective vituperation
vitriol vituperation
cheek impudence
impertinence impudence
sassing sass
backtalk sass
back_talk sass
lip sass
mouth sass
insertion interpolation
true_statement truth
gospel_truth gospel
verbal_description description
spec specification
neural_net neural_network
proclamation announcement
annunciation announcement
declaration announcement
papal_bull bull
pronunciamento manifesto
dictum pronouncement
say-so pronouncement
averment assertion
asseveration assertion
charge accusation
allegement allegation
ipsedixitism ipse_dixit
expression formula
avouchment avowal
affirmation avowal
reaffirmation reassertion
professing profession
predication postulation
indirect_evidence circumstantial_evidence
bidding bid
declaration contract
overcall overbid
pre-empt preemptive_bid
preempt preemptive_bid
account explanation
explanandum explicandum
simplism oversimplification
reason cause
grounds cause
defence defense
vindication defense
apologia apology
alibi excuse
exculpation excuse
self-justification excuse
mitigation extenuation
expounding exposition
moralization moralizing
moralisation moralizing
answer solution
result solution
resolution solution
solvent solution
rubric gloss
derivation deriving
etymologizing deriving
reply answer
response answer
promulgation announcement
press_release handout
release handout
obit obituary
necrology obituary
programme program
foretelling prediction
forecasting prediction
prognostication prediction
weather_forecasting meteorology
forecast prognosis
divination prophecy
weather_outlook weather_forecast
particular_proposition particular
universal_proposition universal
categoreme categorem
syncategoreme syncategorem
ratiocination conclusion
posit postulate
premiss premise
assumption premise
major_premiss major_premise
minor_premiss minor_premise
subsumption minor_premise
precondition condition
stipulation condition
proviso provision
falsity falsehood
untruth falsehood
dodging dodge
scheme dodge
prevarication lie
story fib
tale fib
tarradiddle fib
taradiddle fib
fairy_tale fairytale
fairy_story fairytale
cock-and-bull_story fairytale
song_and_dance fairytale
walloper whopper
fiction fabrication
fable fabrication
deceit misrepresentation
deception misrepresentation
window_dressing facade
overstatement exaggeration
magnification exaggeration
pretence pretense
feigning pretense
dissembling pretense
stalking-horse pretext
lip_service hypocrisy
blind subterfuge
hocus-pocus trickery
slickness trickery
hanky_panky trickery
jiggery-pokery trickery
skulduggery trickery
skullduggery trickery
duplicity fraudulence
equivocation evasion
indirect_expression circumlocution
hedging hedge
quiddity quibble
cavil quibble
small_print fine_print
qualification reservation
commentary comment
annotation note
notation note
cite citation
acknowledgment citation
credit citation
reference citation
mention citation
quotation citation
footer footnote
NB nota_bene
N.B. nota_bene
PS postscript
cross-index cross-reference
comment remark
input remark
ploy gambit
dictum obiter_dictum
passing_comment obiter_dictum
reference mention
reflection observation
reflexion observation
crack wisecrack
sally wisecrack
quip wisecrack
shaft shot
slam shot
dig shot
barb shot
jibe shot
gibe shot
stopper conversation_stopper
demythologisation demythologization
mythologisation mythologization
mistake error
erratum misprint
typographical_error misprint
typo misprint
literal_error misprint
literal misprint
malaprop malapropism
understanding agreement
term condition
deal bargain
compact covenant
concordat covenant
entente_cordiale entente
pact treaty
accord treaty
peace_treaty peace
pacification peace
mush treacle
slop treacle
glop treacle
humor wit
humour wit
witticism wit
wittiness wit
mot bon_mot
bite pungency
irony sarcasm
satire sarcasm
caustic_remark sarcasm
raillery banter
give-and-take banter
backchat banter
gag joke
laugh joke
jest joke
jape joke
laugh_line punch_line
gag_line punch_line
tag_line punch_line
sidesplitter belly_laugh
howler belly_laugh
thigh-slapper belly_laugh
scream belly_laugh
wow belly_laugh
riot belly_laugh
dirty_story dirty_joke
blue_joke dirty_joke
blue_story dirty_joke
good_story funny_story
funny_remark funny_story
funny funny_story
visual_joke sight_gag
imitation caricature
impersonation caricature
lampoon parody
spoof parody
sendup parody
mockery parody
takeoff parody
burlesque parody
travesty parody
charade parody
pasquinade parody
put-on parody
sketch cartoon
play fun
sport fun
jocularity jocosity
waggishness waggery
clowning drollery
comedy drollery
funniness drollery
punning pun
wordplay pun
paronomasia pun
view opinion
conjecture guess
supposition guess
surmise guess
surmisal guess
speculation guess
hypothesis guess
position side
head question
matter_of_fact question_of_fact
matter_of_law question_of_law
puzzler puzzle
mystifier puzzle
teaser puzzle
conundrum riddle
enigma riddle
brain-teaser riddle
stumper poser
toughie poser
sticker poser
crossword crossword_puzzle
acrostic word_square
instruction direction
destination address
name_and_address address
SGML standard_generalized_markup_language
hypertext_mark-up_language hypertext_markup_language
HTML hypertext_markup_language
toponomy toponymy
formula recipe
church_doctrine religious_doctrine
gospel religious_doctrine
creed religious_doctrine
tenet dogma
ecumenicism ecumenism
ecumenicalism ecumenism
Immaculate_Conception_of_the_Virgin_Mary immaculate_conception
signaling signal
sign signal
start starting_signal
beam radio_beam
tickler_file tickler
posting poster
placard poster
notice poster
bill poster
card poster
show_card show_bill
theatrical_poster show_bill
flashcard flash_card
guidepost signpost
fingerboard fingerpost
stigma mark
brand mark
stain mark
bend_sinister bar_sinister
cloven_foot cloven_hoof
item token
postage_stamp postage
stamp postage
call birdcall
birdsong birdcall
song birdcall
indicant indication
signalisation signalization
print mark
hoof_mark hoofprint
hoof-mark hoofprint
curlicue squiggle
underline underscore
contour_line contour
isometric isometric_line
forerunner harbinger
predecessor harbinger
herald harbinger
precursor harbinger
clue hint
alert alarm
warning_signal alarm
alarum alarm
distress_call distress_signal
lights-out taps
wake-up_signal reveille
singing tattle
telling tattle
radiotelegraphic_signal telegraphic_signal
dit dot
dah dash
whistling whistle
number numeral
Hindu_numeral arabic_numeral
Hindu-Arabic_numeral arabic_numeral
cornucopia horn_of_plenty
notational_system notation
number_system numeration_system
number_representation_system numeration_system
system_of_numeration numeration_system
positional_representation_system positional_notation
pound_sign pound
pure_binary_numeration_system binary_numeration_system
binary_number_system binary_numeration_system
binary_system binary_numeration_system
octal_number_system octal_numeration_system
decimal_number_system decimal_numeration_system
decimal_system decimal_numeration_system
duodecimal_system duodecimal_number_system
sexadecimal_notation hexadecimal_notation
sexadecimal_number_system hexadecimal_number_system
hexadecimal_system hexadecimal_number_system
percentage_point decimal_point
point decimal_point
power exponent
index exponent
log logarithm
antilog antilogarithm
Napierian_logarithm natural_logarithm
fixed-point_part mantissa
fixed-point_representation_system fixed-point_notation
floating-point_representation_system floating-point_notation
Lukasiewicz_notation prefix_notation
Polish_notation prefix_notation
suffix_notation postfix_notation
reverse_Polish_notation postfix_notation
musical_score score
obligato obbligato
chemical_formula formula
printed_symbol written_symbol
pointer arrow
call_number call_mark
pressmark call_mark
check check_mark
tick check_mark
grapheme character
graphic_symbol character
read-out readout
superior superscript
inferior subscript
ASCII_control_character control_character
diacritic diacritical_mark
ditto ditto_mark
dollar_sign dollar_mark
dollar_mark dollar
dollar_sign dollar
head point
accent_mark accent
acute acute_accent
ague acute_accent
grave grave_accent
wedge hacek
dieresis umlaut
diaeresis umlaut
capital_letter capital
uppercase capital
upper-case_letter capital
majuscule capital
lowercase small_letter
lower-case_letter small_letter
minuscule small_letter
small_cap small_capital
fount font
typeface font
face font
case font
constant-width_font typewriter_font
fixed-width_font typewriter_font
monospaced_font typewriter_font
cartridge_font font_cartridge
black_letter gothic
modern_font modern
Bodoni modern
Bodoni_font modern
old_style_font old_style
bold_face boldface
bold boldface
roman_type roman
roman_letters roman
roman_print roman
raster_font screen_font
Helvetica sans_serif
seriph serif
percentage_sign percent_sign
star asterisk
obelisk dagger
double_obelisk double_dagger
diesis double_dagger
letter_of_the_alphabet letter
alphabetic_character letter
digram digraph
double-u w
ex x
wye y
zee z
zed z
ezed z
izzard z
khi chi
blank space
polyphonic_letter polyphone
block_capital block_letter
runic_letter rune
ideograph ideogram
logograph logogram
punctuation_mark punctuation
square_bracket bracket
angle_bracket bracket
exclamation_point exclamation_mark
dash hyphen
point period
full_stop period
stop period
full_point period
interrogation_point question_mark
quote quotation_mark
inverted_comma quotation_mark
slash solidus
virgule solidus
diagonal solidus
stroke solidus
separatrix solidus
brand_name trade_name
brand trade_name
marque trade_name
recording_label label
hallmark authentication
assay-mark authentication
impression stamp
embossment imprint
stamp revenue_stamp
tefillin phylactery
musical_scale scale
fanfare flourish
tucket flourish
slide swoop
keynote tonic
leading_tone subtonic
pedal pedal_point
musical_interval interval
whole_tone tone
step tone
whole_step tone
half_step semitone
quarter-tone quarter_tone
musical_octave octave
shake trill
Gregorian_mode ecclesiastical_mode
church_mode ecclesiastical_mode
medieval_mode ecclesiastical_mode
major_diatonic_scale major_scale
minor_diatonic_scale minor_scale
pentatone pentatonic_scale
musical_mode mode
stave staff
leger_line ledger_line
treble_staff treble_clef
G_clef treble_clef
F_clef bass_clef
viola_clef alto_clef
signature key_signature
tonality key
atonalism atonality
major_mode major_key
minor_mode minor_key
home_key tonic_key
musical_time_signature time_signature
bar measure
musical_note note
tone note
C_major_scale c_major
scale_of_C_major c_major
cancel natural
solmisation solmization
solfa tonic_solfa
doh do
ut do
ray re
soh sol
so sol
lah la
te ti
si ti
triad common_chord
passing_tone passing_note
semibreve whole_note
minim half_note
crotchet quarter_note
quaver eighth_note
semiquaver sixteenth_note
demisemiquaver thirty-second_note
hemidemisemiquaver sixty-fourth_note
appoggiatura grace_note
acciaccatura grace_note
bass_voice bass
basso bass
baritone_voice baritone
tenor_voice tenor
alto countertenor
alto contralto
mezzo mezzo-soprano
traffic_signal traffic_light
stoplight traffic_light
go-ahead green_light
warning_light red_light
flash flare
signal_flag flag
nautical_signal_flag code_flag
signing sign_language
fingerspelling finger_spelling
American_sign_language asl
motion gesture
facial_gesture facial_expression
face grimace
moue pout
wry_face pout
scowl frown
smiling smile
grin smile
grinning smile
demo demonstration
show display
pomp gaudery
manifestation expression
reflection expression
reflexion expression
illustration exemplification
allegory emblem
ensign national_flag
Shield_of_David star_of_david
Magen_David star_of_david
Mogen_David star_of_david
Solomon's_seal star_of_david
Paschal_Lamb agnus_dei
Hakenkreuz swastika
hashmark service_stripe
hash_mark service_stripe
I.D. id
PIN personal_identification_number
PIN_number personal_identification_number
showing screening
viewing screening
prevue preview
trailer preview
fanfare ostentation
flash ostentation
bluster bravado
brandish flourish
public_presentation performance
routine act
number act
turn act
bit act
showstopper show-stopper
stopper show-stopper
rendering rendition
theatrical theatrical_performance
representation theatrical_performance
histrionics theatrical_performance
programing_language programming_language
problem-oriented_language application-oriented_language
query_language command_language
search_language command_language
computer-oriented_language computer_language
machine_language computer_language
machine-oriented_language computer_language
target_language object_language
object-oriented_programing_language object-oriented_programming_language
list-processing_language lisp
logic_programing prolog
logic_programming prolog
substratum substrate
superstratum superstrate
tongue natural_language
maternal_language mother_tongue
first_language mother_tongue
tonal_language tone_language
Oregon_Jargon chinook_jargon
interlanguage lingua_franca
koine lingua_franca
Amerindian_language amerind
American-Indian_language amerind
American_Indian amerind
Indian amerind
Algonquin algonquian
Algonquian_language algonquian
Atakapan atakapa
Attacapa atakapa
Attacapan atakapa
Athapascan athapaskan
Athabaskan athapaskan
Athabascan athapaskan
Athapaskan_language athapaskan
Algonkin algonkian
Arapahoe arapaho
Ioway iowa
Otoe oto
Gros_Ventre hidatsa
Kansas kansa
Maleseet malecite
Massachusetts massachuset
Menominee menomini
Mahican mohican
Ogalala oglala
Ojibway ojibwa
Chippewa ojibwa
Ponka ponca
Chahta choctaw
Muskhogean_language muskhogean
Muskogean muskhogean
Muskogean_language muskhogean
Salishan salish
Wakashan_language wakashan
Shoshonean_language shoshonean
Shoshonian shoshonean
Shoshonian_language shoshonean
Caddoan caddo
Caddoan_language caddo
Aricara arikara
Iroquois iroquoian
Iroquoian_language iroquoian
Quechuan quechua
Quechuan_language quechua
Kechua quechua
Kechuan quechua
Maracan_language maraco
Tupi-Guarani_language tupi-guarani
Arawakan arawak
Caribbean_language carib
Eskimo-Aleut_language eskimo-aleut
Esquimau eskimo
Uto-Aztecan_language uto-aztecan
Zapotecan zapotec
Mayan maya
Mayan_language maya
Navajo navaho
Chippewyan chipewyan
Chippewaian chipewyan
Siouan_language siouan
Tanoan_language tanoan
Hoka hokan
Cocopah cocopa
Kiliwi kiliwa
Mojave mohave
Hualapai walapai
Hualpai walapai
Yokuts mariposan
Miwok moquelumnan
Maidu pujunan
Chinook chinookan
Kalapuyan kalapooian
Sahaptin shahaptian
Takelma takilman
Yucateco yucatec
Altaic_language altaic
Turkic turki
Turko-Tatar turki
Turkic_language turki
Turkoman turkmen
Turcoman turkmen
Kazakh kazak
Uzbeg uzbek
Uzbak uzbek
Usbek uzbek
Usbeg uzbek
Uigur uighur
Uygur uighur
Kirgiz kirghiz
Khirghiz kirghiz
Jagatai chagatai
Jaghatai chagatai
Eastern_Turki chagatai
Chukchi_language chukchi
Tungusic_language tungusic
Tunguz tungus
Evenki tungus
Ewenki tungus
Mongolic mongolian
Mongolic_language mongolian
Khalka khalkha
Kalka khalkha
Sinitic_language sinitic
Mandarin_Chinese mandarin
Mandarin_dialect mandarin
Beijing_dialect mandarin
Wu_dialect wu
Shanghai_dialect wu
Yue_dialect yue
Cantonese yue
Cantonese_dialect yue
Min_dialect min
Fukien min
Fukkianese min
Hokkianese min
Amoy min
Taiwanese min
Hakka_dialect hakka
Sino-Tibetan_language sino-tibetan
Tibeto-Burman_language tibeto-burman
Qiangic qiang
Baic bai
Karenic karen
Burmese-Yi lolo-burmese
Akha hani
Yi lolo
Kachinic kachin
Jinghpaw jinghpo
Chingpo jinghpo
Chin kuki
Kuki-Chin kuki
Barish bodo-garo
Mirish miri
Abor miri
Dafla miri
Kam-Tai kadai
Kadai_language kadai
Black_Tai tai_dam
Chinese_Shan tai_nuea
Dehong_Dai tai_nuea
Shan tai_long
Xishuangbanna_Dai tai_lue
Kam_Muang tai_yuan
Siamese thai
Central_Thai thai
Buyi bouyei
Austro-Asiatic_language austro-asiatic
Munda-Mon-Khmer austro-asiatic
Hmong_language hmong
Miao hmong
Annamese vietnamese
Annamite vietnamese
Austronesian_language austronesian
Polynesian malayo-polynesian
Eastern_Malayo-Polynesian oceanic
Bahasa_Malaysia malaysian
Bahasa_Melayu malaysian
Bahasa_Kebangsaan malaysian
Bahasa_Indonesia indonesian
Bahasa indonesian
Filipino philippine
Cebuano cebuan
Aboriginal_Australian australian
Jirrbal dyirbal
Warlpiri walbiri
Atayalic tayalic
Papuan_language papuan
Khoisan_language khoisan
Khoikhoi khoikhoin
Hottentot khoikhoin
Indo-European_language indo-european
Indo-Hittite indo-european
PIE proto-indo_european
Gheg_dialect gheg
Tosk_dialect tosk
Armenian_language armenian
Balto-Slavic_language balto-slavic
Balto-Slavonic balto-slavic
Slavic_language slavic
Slavonic slavic
Slavonic_language slavic
Old_Church_Slavic old_church_slavonic
Church_Slavic old_church_slavonic
Old_Bulgarian old_church_slavonic
Byelorussian belarusian
White_Russian belarusian
Serbo-Croatian serbo-croat
Lusatian sorbian
Baltic_language baltic
Lettish latvian
Germanic_language germanic
West_Germanic_language west_germanic
English_language english
American_language american_english
American american_english
AAVE african_american_vernacular_english
African_American_English african_american_vernacular_english
Black_English african_american_vernacular_english
Black_English_Vernacular african_american_vernacular_english
Black_Vernacular african_american_vernacular_english
Black_Vernacular_English african_american_vernacular_english
Ebonics african_american_vernacular_english
Queen's_English king's_english
West_Saxon southwestern
Anglo-Saxon old_english
Jutish kentish
Scots scottish
Scots_English scottish
Scottish_Lallans lallans
High_German german
German_language german
Plattdeutsch low_german
Flemish_dialect flemish
Taal afrikaans
South_African_Dutch afrikaans
Scandinavian_language scandinavian
Nordic scandinavian
Norse scandinavian
North_Germanic scandinavian
North_Germanic_language scandinavian
Bokmaal bokmal
Dano-Norwegian bokmal
Riksmaal riksmal
New_Norwegian nynorsk
Landsmal nynorsk
Landsmaal nynorsk
Faeroese faroese
East_Germanic_language east_germanic
Uralic_language uralic
Finno-Ugrian finno-ugric
Finnic fennic
Non-Ugric fennic
Votyak udmurt
Zyrian komi
Cheremiss cheremis
Mari cheremis
Mordvin mordva
Mordvinian mordva
Esthonian estonian
Carelian karelian
Suomi finnish
Vepse veps
Vepsian veps
Ugrian ugric
Magyar hungarian
Ostyak khanty
Vogul mansi
Lappish lappic
Sami lapp
Saami lapp
Same lapp
Saame lapp
Samoyed samoyedic
Nentsi nenets
Nentsy nenets
Yurak-Samoyed nenets
Entsi enets
Entsy enets
Yenisei enets
Yenisei-Samoyed enets
Yeniseian enets
Ostyak-Samoyed selkup
Celtic_language celtic
Goidelic gaelic
Erse gaelic
Irish_Gaelic irish
Scots_Gaelic scottish_gaelic
Brittanic brythonic
Cymric welsh
Italic_language italic
Biblical_Latin late_latin
New_Latin neo-latin
Romance_language romance
Latinian_language romance
Langue_d'oil_French langue_d'oil
Langue_d'oc_French langue_d'oc
Norman_French norman-french
Old_North_French norman-french
Anglo-Norman anglo-french
Occitan provencal
Ladino judeo-spanish
Rhaeto-Romanic rhaeto-romance
Friuli friulian
Rumansh romansh
Rumanian romanian
Elamite elamitic
Susian elamitic
Cassite kassite
East_Tocharian turfan
Turfan_dialect turfan
West_Tocharian kuchean
Kuchean_dialect kuchean
Sanskritic_language sanskrit
Gypsy romany
Hindoostani hindustani
Hindostani hindustani
Asamiya assamese
Bangla bengali
Mahratti marathi
Gujerati gujarati
Panjabi punjabi
Singhalese sinhalese
Sinhala sinhalese
Indo-Iranian_language indo-iranian
Indo-Aryan indic
Dardic dard
Dardic_language dard
Iranian_language iranian
Zend avestan
Farsi persian
Dari_Persian dari
Tajik tajiki
Tadzhik tajiki
Baluchi balochi
Pehlevi pahlavi
Pashtu pashto
Paxto pashto
Afghani pashto
Afghan pashto
Anatolian_language anatolian
Luvian luwian
Hellenic greek
Hellenic_language greek
New_Greek modern_greek
Demotic romaic
Middle_Greek medieval_greek
Byzantine_Greek medieval_greek
Ionic attic
Ionic_dialect attic
Classical_Greek attic
Aeolic_dialect aeolic
Eolic aeolic
Arcadic_dialect arcadic
Doric_dialect doric
Caucasian_language caucasian
Abkhasian abkhazian
Dravidic dravidian
Dravidian_language dravidian
Kotar kota
Kanarese kannada
Haussa hausa
Bolanci bole
Bokkos ron
Daffo ron
Sayanci zaar
Pidlimdi tera
Yamaltu tera
Pabir bura
Kapsiki higi
Wandala mandara
Mafa matakam
Kola daba
Musgoi daba
Munjuk musgu
Mulwi musgu
Sibine somrai
Dangaleat dangla
Chadic chad
Chadic_language chad
Afro-Asiatic afroasiatic
Afroasiatic_language afroasiatic
Afrasian afroasiatic
Afrasian_language afroasiatic
Hamito-Semitic afroasiatic
Assyrian assyrian_akkadian
Ethiopian_language amharic
Arabic_language arabic
Assyrian assyrian_neo-aramaic
Mandean mandaean
Maltese_language maltese
Malti maltese
Canaanitic_language canaanitic
Hamitic_language hamitic
Demotic_script demotic
Niger-Kordofanian_language niger-kordofanian
Bantoid_language bantu
Chaga kichaga
Chagga kichaga
Tshiluba luba
Matabele ndebele
Basuto sesotho
Setswana tswana
Sechuana tswana
Voltaic gur
Ful fula
Fulani fula
Peul fula
Aku yoruba
Nilo-Saharan_language nilo-saharan
Nilotic_language nilotic
art artwork
graphics artwork
nontextual_matter artwork
pictorial_matter picture
fig figure
graphical_record graph
frequency-response_characteristic frequency-response_curve
characterisic_function characteristic_curve
color_wheel color_circle
bar_graph bar_chart
tabular_matter tabulation
cartoon_strip comic_strip
strip comic_strip
funnies comic_strip
cardiogram electrocardiogram
EKG electrocardiogram
ECG electrocardiogram
encephalogram electroencephalogram
EEG electroencephalogram
EMG electromyogram
radiation_diagram radiation_pattern
pattern radiation_pattern
dramatic_art dramaturgy
dramatics dramaturgy
theater dramaturgy
theatre dramaturgy
staging theatrical_production
dramatic_work dramatic_composition
drama play
dramatic_play play
bit snatch
book script
playscript script
prompt_copy promptbook
dialog dialogue
speech actor's_line
words actor's_line
prompting prompt
patter spiel
line_of_gab spiel
word_string string_of_words
linguistic_string string_of_words
gush effusion
outburst effusion
blowup effusion
ebullition effusion
farce_comedy farce
travesty farce
tragicomedy seriocomedy
sitcom situation_comedy
sitcom situation_comedy
musical_comedy musical
musical_theater musical
shadow_show galanty_show
shadow_play galanty_show
puppet_play puppet_show
review revue
variety variety_show
music_hall vaudeville
monophonic_music monophony
monody monophony
polyphonic_music polyphony
concerted_music polyphony
polytonalism polytonality
African-American_music black_music
classical classical_music
serious_music classical_music
opera_bouffe comic_opera
bouffe comic_opera
opera_comique comic_opera
light_opera operetta
musical_harmony harmony
harmonisation harmonization
reharmonisation reharmonization
melody tune
air tune
strain tune
melodic_line tune
line tune
melodic_phrase tune
leitmotif leitmotiv
signature_tune signature
theme_song signature
melodic_theme theme
musical_theme theme
idea theme
obligato obbligato
motive motif
voice part
musical_accompaniment accompaniment
backup accompaniment
support accompaniment
discant descant
bass_part bass
basso_continuo figured_bass
continuo figured_bass
thorough_bass figured_bass
church_music religious_music
antiphony antiphon
prosodion processional
antiphonal antiphonary
plainchant plainsong
Gregorian_chant plainsong
Negro_spiritual spiritual
Christmas_carol carol
anthem hymn
choral chorale
pean paean
opus musical_composition
composition musical_composition
piece musical_composition
piece_of_music musical_composition
arrangement musical_arrangement
realisation realization
coda finale
duette duet
duo duet
quartette quartet
quintette quintet
sextette sextet
sestet sextet
septette septet
octette octet
oratorio cantata
serenade divertimento
enigmatic_canon enigma_canon
enigmatical_canon enigma_canon
riddle_canon enigma_canon
pastoral pastorale
idyll pastorale
idyl pastorale
rondeau rondo
symphonic_music symphony
musical_passage passage
musical_phrase phrase
amen_cadence plagal_cadence
tone_poem symphonic_poem
potpourri medley
pastiche medley
notturno nocturne
vocal song
short_aria arietta
lay ballad
barcarolle barcarole
chanty chantey
sea_chantey chantey
shanty chantey
chorus refrain
tra-la-la tra-la
coronach dirge
lament dirge
requiem dirge
threnody dirge
folksong folk_song
folk_ballad folk_song
love-song love_song
cradlesong lullaby
berceuse lullaby
words lyric
language lyric
golden_oldie oldie
troll round
prothalamium prothalamion
banquet_song scolion
chivaree shivaree
charivari shivaree
callithump shivaree
callathump shivaree
belling shivaree
gigue jig
pavan pavane
rhumba rumba
serial_music serialism
12-tone_music twelve-tone_music
twelve-tone_system twelve-tone_music
12-tone_system twelve-tone_music
march marching_music
military_music military_march
martial_music military_march
recessional_march processional_march
dead_march funeral_march
popular_music_genre popular_music
disco_music disco
pop pop_music
ethnic_music folk_music
folk folk_music
country_and_western country_music
C_and_W country_music
danceroom_music dance_music
ballroom_music dance_music
rag ragtime
gospel_singing gospel
bebop bop
boogie-woogie boogie
new_jazz modern_jazz
neo_jazz modern_jazz
rap_music rap
hip-hop rap
R_and_B rhythm_and_blues
rock'n'roll rock_'n'_roll
rock-and-roll rock_'n'_roll
rock_and_roll rock_'n'_roll
rock rock_'n'_roll
rock_music rock_'n'_roll
heavy_metal_music heavy_metal
art_rock progressive_rock
acid_rock psychedelic_rock
punk punk_rock
swing_music swing
jive swing
style expressive_style
black_humour black_humor
fluency eloquence
smoothness eloquence
expression formulation
magniloquence grandiosity
ornateness grandiosity
grandiloquence grandiosity
rhetoric grandiosity
speech manner_of_speaking
delivery manner_of_speaking
musical_genre music_genre
genre music_genre
musical_style music_genre
coarseness saltiness
voice articulation
archaicism archaism
verbalisation verbalization
verbalisation verbalization
idiom parlance
Briticism anglicism
Britishism anglicism
diction wording
phrasing wording
phraseology wording
choice_of_words wording
verbiage wording
paralinguistic_communication paralanguage
tone_of_voice tone
rotundity roundness
bombardment barrage
outpouring barrage
onslaught barrage
inflection prosody
inflection modulation
modulation intonation
pitch_contour intonation
drone monotone
droning monotone
enjambement enjambment
emphasis stress
accent stress
pitch_accent tonic_accent
word_accent word_stress
speech_rhythm rhythm
beat rhythm
musical_rhythm rhythm
offbeat upbeat
modulation transition
fustian bombast
rant bombast
claptrap bombast
blah bombast
luridness sensationalism
turn_of_expression turn_of_phrase
concision conciseness
pithiness conciseness
succinctness conciseness
laconicism laconism
verbosity verboseness
verbalism verbiage
prolixness prolixity
windiness prolixity
long-windedness prolixity
wordiness prolixity
periphrasis circumlocution
ambage circumlocution
turgidness turgidity
flatulence turgidity
repetitiousness repetitiveness
literary_genre writing_style
genre writing_style
poesy poetry
verse poetry
epic_poetry heroic_poetry
rhythmic_pattern poetic_rhythm
prosody poetic_rhythm
metre meter
measure meter
beat meter
cadence meter
common_meter common_measure
foot metrical_foot
metrical_unit metrical_foot
iambus iamb
anapaest anapest
dibrach pyrrhic
rime rhyme
initial_rhyme alliteration
beginning_rhyme alliteration
head_rhyme alliteration
vowel_rhyme assonance
consonant_rhyme consonance
anacoluthon anacoluthia
reduplication anadiplosis
epistrophe epiphora
anaphora epanaphora
inversion anastrophe
exclamation ecphonesis
meiosis litotes
paraleipsis paralepsis
paralipsis paralepsis
preterition paralepsis
figure_of_speech trope
figure trope
image trope
exaggeration hyperbole
frozen_metaphor dead_metaphor
prosopopoeia personification
speech_communication speech
spoken_communication speech
spoken_language speech
language speech
voice_communication speech
oral_communication speech
vocalization utterance
vocalization voice
vocalisation voice
vocalism voice
phonation voice
vox voice
speech_sound phone
sound phone
gradation grade
vowel_sound vowel
prosodic_system accentual_system
consonantal_system consonant_system
phonologic_system phonological_system
tonal_system tone_system
vocalism vowel_system
shwa schwa
murmur murmur_vowel
thematic_vowel stem_vowel
glide semivowel
dental_consonant alveolar_consonant
alveolar alveolar_consonant
dental alveolar_consonant
stop stop_consonant
occlusive stop_consonant
plosive_consonant stop_consonant
plosive_speech_sound stop_consonant
plosive stop_consonant
explosion plosion
labial labial_consonant
labiodental labiodental_consonant
glottal_plosive glottal_stop
glottal_catch glottal_stop
nasalisation nasalization
click suction_stop
continuant continuant_consonant
fricative fricative_consonant
spirant fricative_consonant
sibilant_consonant sibilant
affricate_consonant affricate
affricative affricate
nasal nasal_consonant
orinasal orinasal_phone
voiceless_consonant surd
velar_consonant velar
guttural_consonant guttural
pharyngeal guttural
pharyngeal_consonant guttural
voiced_sound sonant
outcry cry
call cry
yell cry
shout cry
vociferation cry
yell cry
bellowing bellow
holla bellow
holler bellow
hollering bellow
hollo bellow
holloa bellow
roar bellow
roaring bellow
yowl bellow
clamoring clamor
clamour clamor
clamouring clamor
hue_and_cry clamor
screaming scream
shriek scream
shrieking scream
screech scream
screeching scream
war_whoop war_cry
rallying_cry war_cry
battle_cry war_cry
shouting yelling
hoot boo
Bronx_cheer boo
hiss boo
raspberry boo
razzing boo
razz boo
snort boo
bird boo
smut obscenity
vulgarism obscenity
filth obscenity
dirty_word obscenity
bawdy bawdry
curse_word curse
expletive curse
oath curse
swearing curse
swearword curse
cuss curse
croaking croak
exclaiming exclamation
deuce devil
dickens devil
interjection ejaculation
moan groan
ahem hem
howling howl
ululation howl
laughter laugh
chuckle chortle
belly_laugh guffaw
horselaugh hee-haw
ha-ha hee-haw
haw-haw hee-haw
snort snicker
snigger snicker
orthoepy pronunciation
assibilation sibilation
rejoicing exultation
jubilation exultation
suspiration sigh
speech_production speaking
splutter sputter
whispering whisper
susurration whisper
voicelessness whisper
rasping rasp
speech_pattern accent
retroflexion retroflection
diction enunciation
syncopation syncope
phatic_communication phatic_speech
social_intercourse intercourse
sharing communion
confab chat
confabulation chat
schmooze chat
schmoose chat
chit-chat chitchat
chit_chat chitchat
small_talk chitchat
gab chitchat
gabfest chitchat
gossip chitchat
tittle-tattle chitchat
chin_wag chitchat
chin-wag chitchat
chin_wagging chitchat
chin-wagging chitchat
causerie chitchat
gossipmongering gossiping
talking talk
pious_platitude cant
dialog dialogue
duologue dialogue
malarkey wind
malarky wind
idle_words wind
jazz wind
nothingness wind
yack yak
yakety-yak yak
chatter yak
cackle yak
prattle prate
idle_talk prate
blether prate
chin_music prate
honeyed_words sweet_nothings
treatment discussion
discourse discussion
direct_quotation direct_discourse
verbal_expression expression
verbalism expression
felicitation congratulation
give-and-take discussion
word discussion
argumentation argument
debate argument
group_discussion conference
audience consultation
interview consultation
post-mortem postmortem
ventilation public_discussion
powwow huddle
news_conference press_conference
pretrial_conference pretrial
roundtable round_table
round-table_conference round_table
teleconferencing teleconference
closed_session executive_session
dialogue negotiation
talks negotiation
diplomatic_negotiations diplomacy
gunboat_diplomacy power_politics
SALT strategic_arms_limitation_talks
haggling haggle
wrangle haggle
wrangling haggle
expression saying
locution saying
anatomical anatomical_reference
slogan motto
catchword motto
shibboleth motto
catch_phrase catchphrase
rallying_cry war_cry
battle_cry war_cry
cry war_cry
watchword war_cry
axiom maxim
apothegm aphorism
apophthegm aphorism
Sod's_Law murphy's_law
quip epigram
adage proverb
saw proverb
byword proverb
cliche platitude
banality platitude
commonplace platitude
bromide platitude
idiomatic_expression idiom
phrasal_idiom idiom
set_phrase idiom
phrase idiom
rusticism ruralism
babytalk baby_talk
babytalk baby_talk
motherese baby_talk
idiom dialect
accent dialect
cant slang
jargon slang
lingo slang
argot slang
patois slang
vernacular slang
slang_expression slang
slang_term slang
magic_spell spell
magical_spell spell
charm spell
conjuration incantation
jinx hex
curse hex
whammy hex
monologue soliloquy
proposition proposal
proposal_of_marriage marriage_proposal
marriage_offer marriage_proposal
proposal marriage_proposal
proposition suggestion
proffer suggestion
question motion
intimation hint
breath hint
trace touch
ghost touch
advance overture
approach overture
feeler overture
offering offer
tender bid
red_herring preliminary_prospectus
rights_issue rights_offering
olive_branch peace_offering
entry submission
bid command
bidding command
dictation command
charge commission
direction commission
Ten_Commandments decalogue
elucidation clarification
illumination clarification
enlargement expansion
elaboration expansion
embroidery embellishment
twist construction
popularisation popularization
misunderstanding misinterpretation
mistaking misinterpretation
misconstruction misconstrual
acquiescence assent
conceding concession
yielding concession
pass bye
concurrency concurrence
conformity accord
accordance accord
collusion connivance
assenting accession
confirmation ratification
concord harmony
concordance harmony
secondment second
endorsement second
indorsement second
encounter confrontation
showdown confrontation
face-off confrontation
dissension discord
variance division
difference dispute
difference_of_opinion dispute
conflict dispute
strawman straw_man
argle-bargle argy-bargy
contention controversy
contestation controversy
disputation controversy
disceptation controversy
tilt controversy
argument controversy
arguing controversy
wrangle quarrel
row quarrel
words quarrel
run-in quarrel
dustup quarrel
altercation affray
fracas affray
bickering bicker
spat bicker
tiff bicker
squabble bicker
pettifoggery bicker
fuss bicker
offering offer
asking request
notice notification
indirect_request wish
summons bidding
prayer entreaty
appeal entreaty
demagogy demagoguery
jingoism flag_waving
plea supplication
begging beggary
mendicancy beggary
urgency importunity
urging importunity
wooing courtship
courting courtship
suit courtship
petition prayer
orison prayer
blessing benediction
blessing grace
thanksgiving grace
supplication invocation
billing charge
insisting insistence
claim call
call margin_call
pay_claim wage_claim
inquiring questioning
inquiry question
enquiry question
query question
interrogation question
examination interrogation
interrogatory interrogation
reexamination redirect_examination
employment_interview job_interview
interrogation question
interrogative question
interrogative_sentence question
exam examination
test examination
bar_exam bar_examination
comprehensive comprehensive_examination
comp comprehensive_examination
entrance_exam entrance_examination
final_exam final_examination
final final_examination
midterm_exam midterm_examination
midterm midterm_examination
oral_exam oral
oral_examination oral
viva_voce oral
viva oral
preliminary_exam preliminary_examination
prelim preliminary_examination
examination_paper test_paper
exam_paper test_paper
question_sheet test_paper
response reply
retort rejoinder
return rejoinder
riposte rejoinder
replication rejoinder
comeback rejoinder
counter rejoinder
defense refutation
defence refutation
characterisation characterization
word-painting word_picture
delineation word_picture
depiction word_picture
picture word_picture
characterization word_picture
characterisation word_picture
portraiture portrayal
portrait portrayal
particularisation particularization
detailing particularization
vignette sketch
assertion affirmation
statement affirmation
disaffirmation denial
disclaimer disavowal
abjuration retraction
recantation retraction
backdown withdrawal
climb-down withdrawal
contradiction_in_terms contradiction
renunciation repudiation
disowning disownment
snub rebuff
repulse rebuff
summary_treatment short_shrift
demurral demur
demurrer demur
kick gripe
beef gripe
bitch gripe
squawk gripe
protestation protest
grumbling grumble
murmur grumble
murmuring grumble
mutter grumble
muttering grumble
whine whimper
lamentation lament
plaint lament
wail lament
making_known informing
apprisal telling
notification telling
dismission dismissal
pink_slip dismissal
divine_revelation revelation
revelation disclosure
revealing disclosure
divulgement divulgence
ratting informing
news_leak leak
unmasking expose
self-condemnation self-accusation
judicial_admission stipulation
introduction presentation
intro presentation
account report
study report
written_report report
white_paper white_book
report report_card
recital narration
yarn narration
narration narrative
story narrative
tale narrative
folk_tale folktale
Arabian_Nights arabian_nights'_entertainment
Thousand_and_One_Nights arabian_nights'_entertainment
sob_stuff sob_story
fairy_tale fairytale
fairy_story fairytale
telling relation
recounting relation
comment gossip
scuttlebutt gossip
rumour rumor
hearsay rumor
pipeline grapevine
word_of_mouth grapevine
dirt scandal
malicious_gossip scandal
talk_of_the_town talk
alerting alert
EAS emergency_alert_system
caveat caution
premonition forewarning
word parole
word_of_honor parole
pledge assurance
troth plight
troth betrothal
engagement betrothal
curtain_call bow
boasting boast
self-praise boast
jactitation boast
bragging brag
crow brag
crowing brag
vaporing brag
line-shooting brag
gasconade brag
bluster braggadocio
rodomontade braggadocio
rhodomontade braggadocio
denotation indication
daring dare
demand_for_explanation calling_into_question
gantlet gauntlet
denouncement denunciation
diatribe fulmination
philippic tirade
broadside tirade
condemnation execration
curse execration
malediction imprecation
accusal accusation
recital recitation
reading recitation
bill_of_indictment indictment
murder_indictment murder_charge
lodgement lodgment
fingerpointing finger-pointing
inculpation incrimination
blame incrimination
veiled_accusation unspoken_accusation
innuendo insinuation
speech address
inaugural inaugural_address
keynote_address keynote_speech
public_lecture lecture
talk lecture
nominating_address nominating_speech
nomination nominating_speech
speechmaking public_speaking
speaking public_speaking
oral_presentation public_speaking
disputation debate
public_debate debate
rant harangue
ranting harangue
salutatory_oration salutatory_address
salutatory salutatory_address
valedictory_address valediction
valedictory_oration valediction
valedictory valediction
discourse sermon
preaching sermon
kerugma kerygma
preachment homily
suasion persuasion
bell_ringing electioneering
canvassing electioneering
incitement exhortation
prompting suggestion
remonstrance expostulation
remonstration expostulation
objection expostulation
artillery weapon
publicity promotion
promotional_material promotion
packaging promotion
PR public_relations
indorsement endorsement
blurb endorsement
dust_cover book_jacket
dust_jacket book_jacket
dust_wrapper book_jacket
hoopla ballyhoo
hype ballyhoo
plug ballyhoo
sales_pitch sales_talk
pitch sales_talk
advertisement ad
advertizement ad
advertising ad
advertizing ad
advert ad
newspaper_advertisement newspaper_ad
classified_advertisement classified_ad
classified classified_ad
commercial_message commercial
informercial infomercial
handbill circular
bill circular
broadside circular
broadsheet circular
flier circular
flyer circular
throwaway circular
abettal abetment
instigation abetment
shouting cheering
furtherance promotion
advancement promotion
fosterage fostering
goading goad
prod goad
prodding goad
urging goad
spur goad
spurring goad
incitement provocation
deterrence determent
intimidation determent
stepping_down abdication
renouncement renunciation
relinquishing relinquishment
yielding giving_up
surrender giving_up
banning ban
forbiddance ban
forbidding ban
psychical_communication psychic_communication
anomalous_communication psychic_communication
thought_transference telepathy
psychic_phenomenon psychic_phenomena
parapsychology psychic_phenomena
second_sight clairvoyance
extrasensory_perception clairvoyance
E.S.P. clairvoyance
ESP clairvoyance
foreknowledge precognition
psychokinesis telekinesis
table_tapping table_rapping
spirit_rapping table_rapping
table_tilting table_tipping
table_turning table_tipping
table_lifting table_tipping
wind_sock windsock
sock windsock
air_sock windsock
air-sleeve windsock
wind_sleeve windsock
wind_cone windsock
drogue windsock
stake post
point_of_reference reference_point
reference reference_point
source reference
bench_mark benchmark
meerestone merestone
mearstone merestone
lubber_line lubber's_line
lubber's_mark lubber's_line
lubber's_point lubber's_line
linguistic_rule rule
linguistic_universal universal
rule_of_grammar grammatical_rule
rule_of_morphology morphological_rule
criterion standard
measure standard
touchstone standard
ERA earned_run_average
GPA grade_point_average
procrustean_rule procrustean_standard
procrustean_bed procrustean_standard
mark target
turn_signal blinker
turn_indicator blinker
trafficator blinker
skyrocket rocket
pip blip
radar_target blip
racon radar_beacon
beacon_fire beacon
Very-light very_light
signal_light signal_fire
input input_signal
output output_signal
read-out readout
fogsignal foghorn
alarm_bell tocsin
brake_light stoplight
gong_buoy bell_buoy
whistling_buoy whistle_buoy
can_buoy can
nun conical_buoy
nun_buoy conical_buoy
crozier crosier
sceptre scepter
verge scepter
wand scepter
cordon_bleu blue_ribbon
Oscar academy_award
stripe chevron
stripes chevron
grade_insignia chevron
marking marker
mark marker
milepost milestone
unknown_quantity unknown
pin peg
pip spot
logotype logo
ex_libris bookplate
sticker gummed_label
paster gummed_label
ticket tag
waving wave
wafture wave
bowing bow
obeisance bow
curtsey curtsy
genuflexion genuflection
kotow kowtow
scraping scrape
marching_orders walking_papers
wanted_poster wanted_notice
Red_Notice international_wanted_notice
touch contact
callback recall
programme_music program_music
sprechstimme sprechgesang
vocal vocal_music
Capital das_kapital
occurrence happening
occurrent happening
natural_event happening
concomitant accompaniment
attendant accompaniment
co-occurrence accompaniment
sign augury
foretoken augury
preindication augury
portent omen
presage omen
prognostic omen
prognostication omen
prodigy omen
flashing flash
blast good_time
head_trip trip
marvel wonder
dramatic_event drama
contingency eventuality
contingence eventuality
conclusion ending
finish ending
last end
final_stage end
end_game endgame
end_game endgame
resultant result
final_result result
outcome result
termination result
square_deal fair_deal
aftermath consequence
comeuppance deserts
comeupance deserts
just_deserts poetic_justice
materialization offspring
materialisation offspring
subsequence sequel
reward wages
payoff wages
matter_of_course foregone_conclusion
recurrent_event periodic_event
alteration change
modification change
thunderbolt bombshell
thunderclap bombshell
peripetia peripeteia
peripety peripeteia
blow shock
computer_error error
programming_error software_error
run-time_error semantic_error
runtime_error semantic_error
stroke accident
fortuity accident
chance_event accident
wreck crash
hit collision
balefire bonfire
inferno conflagration
prairie_fire grassfire
smolder smoulder
bad_luck misfortune
shame pity
blaze hell
martyrdom calvary
outrage scandal
skeleton_in_the_closet skeleton
skeleton_in_the_cupboard skeleton
Teapot_Dome_scandal teapot_dome
Watergate_scandal watergate
nervous_impulse nerve_impulse
neural_impulse nerve_impulse
impulse nerve_impulse
detonation explosion
blowup explosion
instance case
example case
mortification humiliation
bit piece
clip time
motion movement
tectonic_movement crustal_movement
approaching approach
passage passing
deflexion deflection
bend bending
travel change_of_location
Ascension_of_Christ ascension
Christ's_Resurrection resurrection
Resurrection_of_Christ resurrection
shrinkage shrinking
condensation compression
contraction compression
coarctation constriction
accidental_injury injury
breach rupture
break rupture
severance rupture
rift rupture
falling_out rupture
misadventure mishap
mischance mishap
catastrophe calamity
disaster calamity
tragedy calamity
cataclysm calamity
force_majeure act_of_god
vis_major act_of_god
inevitable_accident act_of_god
unavoidable_casualty act_of_god
the_Great_Hunger the_irish_famine
the_Great_Starvation the_irish_famine
the_Great_Calamity the_irish_famine
good_luck break
happy_chance break
happenstance coincidence
smash-up smash
trip slip
ruin downfall
ruination downfall
abortion miscarriage
misfire miss
egress emergence
issue emergence
nativity birth
nascency birth
nascence birth
happy_event blessed_event
rebirth reincarnation
renascence reincarnation
emersion egress
immersion ingress
Second_Coming_of_Christ second_coming
Second_Advent second_coming
Advent second_coming
Parousia second_coming
make-up makeup
materialisation materialization
manifestation materialization
origination origin
inception origin
generation genesis
outgrowth emergence
growth emergence
oncoming onset
morning dawn
running_start flying_start
overture preliminary
prelude preliminary
rise emanation
procession emanation
aetiology etiology
conception creation
opening_night opening
curtain_raising opening
send-off kickoff
start-off kickoff
running_start flying_start
fate destiny
kismat kismet
disintegration annihilation
obliteration eradication
enervation debilitation
enfeeblement debilitation
exhaustion debilitation
breakup separation
detachment separation
scattering dispersion
extermination extinction
human_death fatality
loss passing
departure passing
exit passing
expiration passing
going passing
release passing
doomsday doom
day_of_reckoning doom
end_of_the_world doom
demolition destruction
wipeout destruction
depredation ravage
wrecking razing
ruination ruin
desolation devastation
rack wrack
fadeout receding
fluctuation variation
mesh engagement
meshing engagement
interlocking engagement
bump blow
jar jolt
jounce jolt
shock jolt
impinging contact
striking contact
equipment_casualty damage
combat_casualty battle_damage
operational_casualty operational_damage
injury wound
combat_injury wound
loss personnel_casualty
oscillation cycle
Carnot's_ideal_cycle carnot_cycle
repetition repeat
rematch replay
return recurrence
reversion atavism
throwback atavism
heavy_swell ground_swell
breaker surf
breakers surf
backwash wake
rippling ripple
riffle ripple
wavelet ripple
gravitation_wave gravity_wave
vibration oscillation
undulation wave
soliton_wave soliton
solitary_wave soliton
stationary_wave standing_wave
travelling_wave traveling_wave
acoustic_wave sound_wave
waveform wave_form
wave_shape wave_form
blast_wave shock_wave
crestless_wave swell
rise lift
surge billow
roll roller
rolling_wave roller
periodic_movement periodic_motion
repercussion recoil
rebound recoil
backlash recoil
bouncing bounce
resiliency resilience
kick recoil
wring squeeze
stroke throw
cam_stroke throw
turn turning
wrench twist
moving_ridge wave
white_horse whitecap
wreck shipwreck
standoff draw
tie draw
runner-up_finish second-place_finish
Z omega
Christianisation christianization
decease death
expiry death
lessening decrease
drop-off decrease
moderation easing
relief easing
betterment improvement
advance improvement
elaboration refinement
Transfiguration_of_Jesus transfiguration
jump leap
saltation leap
quantum_jump quantum_leap
transmutation transformation
shift transformation
tin_disease tin_pest
tin_plague tin_pest
contagion infection
transmission infection
subsidence cave_in
violent_death killing
casualty fatal_accident
surcease cessation
subsiding settling
subsidence settling
fall drop
cascade shower
submerging submergence
submersion submergence
immersion submergence
going_under foundering
bust flop
fizzle flop
bomb turkey
dud turkey
fiasco debacle
halt stop
standstill stand
tie-up stand
divergence deviation
departure deviation
difference deviation
variance discrepancy
variant discrepancy
flection inflection
flexion inflection
miscreation malformation
disruption dislocation
break interruption
respite suspension
reprieve suspension
hiatus suspension
abatement suspension
occultation eclipse
accommodation adjustment
fitting adjustment
entering entrance
climbing climb
mounting climb
lift elevation
raising elevation
heaving heave
trouble fuss
bother fuss
hassle fuss
head headway
tribulation trial
visitation trial
merger fusion
unification fusion
combine combining
mixture mix
conglobation conglomeration
rapid_growth rapid_climb
zoom rapid_climb
uplift upheaval
upthrow upheaval
upthrust upheaval
clap bang
eruption bang
blast bang
bam bang
bleep beep
toll bell
blaring blare
cacophony blare
clamor blare
din blare
roar boom
roaring boom
thunder boom
bombilation buzz
bombination buzz
chattering chatter
chattering chatter
peep cheep
click chink
clink chink
twitter chirrup
clap clack
clangor clang
clangour clang
clangoring clang
clank clang
clash clang
crash clang
clickety-click clickety-clack
clippety-clop clip-clop
clop clip-clop
clopping clip-clop
clunking clip-clop
clumping clip-clop
clucking cluck
cracking crack
snap crack
crackling crackle
crepitation crackle
creaking creak
dripping drip
footstep footfall
step footfall
growling growl
oink grunt
hissing hiss
hushing hiss
fizzle hiss
sibilation hiss
uproar hubbub
brouhaha hubbub
katzenjammer hubbub
humming hum
jangle jingle
knocking knock
mew meow
miaou meow
miaow meow
miaul meow
muttering mutter
murmur mutter
murmuring mutter
murmuration mutter
mussitation mutter
nicker neigh
whicker neigh
whinny neigh
roll paradiddle
drum_roll paradiddle
rap pat
tap pat
pealing peal
roll peal
rolling peal
popping pop
rat-a-tat rat-a-tat-tat
rat-tat rat-a-tat-tat
rattling rattle
rale rattle
ringing ring
tintinnabulation ring
rataplan rub-a-dub
drumbeat rub-a-dub
rumbling rumble
grumble rumble
grumbling rumble
rustling rustle
whisper rustle
whispering rustle
scraping scrape
scratch scrape
scratching scrape
screeching screech
shriek screech
shrieking screech
scream screech
screaming screech
spattering spatter
splatter spatter
splattering spatter
sputter spatter
splutter spatter
sputtering spatter
plash splash
susurrus susurration
whoosh swoosh
thumping thump
clump thump
clunk thump
thud thump
ticking tick
tocktact ticktock
tictac ticktock
tinkle ting
trampling trample
whirr whir
whirring whir
birr whir
whistling whistle
yelp yip
yelping yip
pulsation pulse
heartbeat pulse
beat pulse
throbbing throb
pounding throb
high_water high_tide
highwater high_tide
reflux ebb
low_water low_tide
flood flood_tide
rising_tide flood_tide
neap neap_tide
lee_tide leeward_tide
slack_tide slack_water
bore tidal_bore
eagre tidal_bore
aegir tidal_bore
eager tidal_bore
tidal_current tidal_flow
sea_puss undertow
sea-puss undertow
sea_purse undertow
sea-purse undertow
sea-poose undertow
rip_current riptide
riptide rip
tide_rip rip
crosscurrent rip
countercurrent rip
undercurrent undertide
landslip landslide
flowing flow
backflowing backflow
air_flow airflow
flow_of_air airflow
stream current
spate freshet
runoff overflow
overspill overflow
drippage dripping
violent_stream torrent
outpouring discharge
run discharge
fluxion flux
atomic_explosion nuclear_explosion
back-blast backblast
backfire blowback
carom ricochet
touching touch
strike rap
tap rap
bash knock
bang knock
smash knock
belt knock
buffeting pounding
smack slap
deflexion deflection
refraction deflection
turn_around reversal
swerve yaw
scintillation twinkle
sparkling twinkle
play shimmer
spark flicker
glint flicker
gleaming gleam
glimmer gleam
sparkle glitter
coruscation glitter
light_touch brush
leap jump
run-up runup
encounter meeting
alignment conjunction
transition conversion
changeover conversion
isomerisation isomerization
occasion juncture
flood_tide climax
exigency emergency
pinch emergency
turning_point landmark
watershed landmark
head pass
straits pass
compression compaction
concretion compaction
densification compaction
preservation conservation
remittal remission
subsidence remission
torment curse
hurt detriment
harm damage
impairment damage
pulsing pulsation
pulse pulsation
impulse pulsation
equipment_failure breakdown
dud misfire
power_failure power_outage
dwindling_away dwindling
turn_of_events turn
twist turn
ramification complication
Great_Proletarian_Cultural_Revolution cultural_revolution
genetic_mutation mutation
chromosomal_mutation mutation
gene_mutation point_mutation
retrogression degeneration
withering atrophy
fading attenuation
downfall fall
disturbance perturbation
quake earthquake
temblor earthquake
seism earthquake
seismic_disturbance shock
earth_tremor tremor
microseism tremor
submarine_earthquake seaquake
encroachment invasion
intrusion invasion
interference noise
disturbance noise
background_signal background
ground_noise background_noise
XT crosstalk
atmospherics static
atmospheric_static static
ooze seepage
oozing seepage
transudation exudation
trickle drip
dribble drip
twist eddy
vortex whirlpool
maelstrom whirlpool
taking_apart dismemberment
deformation distortion
warping warp
fertilisation fertilization
fecundation fertilization
dressing fertilization
burst outburst
flare-up outburst
eruption outbreak
irruption outbreak
squirt jet
spurt jet
spirt jet
eruption volcanic_eruption
leak escape
leakage escape
outflow escape
fertilisation fertilization
fecundation fertilization
impregnation fertilization
pollenation pollination
cross-fertilisation cross-fertilization
self-fertilisation self-fertilization
flapping flap
flutter flap
fluttering flap
gush flush
outpouring flush
spate rush
surge rush
upsurge rush
debris_storm debris_surge
revolution rotation
gyration rotation
clockwise_rotation dextrorotation
counterclockwise_rotation levorotation
axial_motion axial_rotation
roll axial_rotation
orbital_motion orbital_rotation
commotion whirl
side english
ladder run
ravel run
loosening relaxation
slackening relaxation
permutation substitution
transposition substitution
replacement substitution
switch substitution
trade_cycle business_cycle
displacement shift
progression progress
advance progress
rising rise
ascent rise
ascension rise
spreading spread
angelus angelus_bell
coming_back return
occasion affair
social_occasion affair
function affair
social_function affair
do bash
brawl bash
bun-fight bunfight
formal ball
cotilion cotillion
masquerade_ball masked_ball
fancy-dress_ball masked_ball
prom promenade
record_hop hop
feast fete
fiesta fete
jubilation celebration
ceremonial ceremony
ceremonial_occasion ceremony
observance ceremony
entombment burial
inhumation burial
interment burial
sepulture burial
wedding_ceremony wedding
nuptials wedding
hymeneals wedding
pageantry pageant
memorialization commemoration
memorialisation commemoration
induction initiation
installation initiation
enthronement coronation
enthronization coronation
enthronisation coronation
investiture coronation
bath_mitzvah bat_mitzvah
bas_mitzvah bat_mitzvah
commencement_exercise commencement
commencement_ceremony commencement
graduation commencement
graduation_exercise commencement
formalities formality
photo_op photo_opportunity
competition contest
athletic_competition athletic_contest
athletics athletic_contest
Olympics olympic_games
Olympiad olympic_games
Winter_Olympics winter_olympic_games
prelim preliminary
auto_race automobile_race
car_race automobile_race
yacht_race sailing-race
foot_race footrace
run footrace
fun_run funrun
Iditarod_Trail_Dog_Sled_Race iditarod
harness_racing harness_race
skiing_race ski_race
relay_race relay
tourney tournament
diving_event diving
semi semifinal
sports_meeting meet
swim_meet swimming_meet
hurdling hurdles
hurdle_race hurdles
broad_jump long_jump
pole_vaulting pole_vault
pole_jump pole_vault
pole_jumping pole_vault
match_game test_match
matched_game test_match
pin fall
prize_fight prizefight
hop-step-and-jump triple_jump
tilt joust
campaign political_campaign
run political_campaign
campaign_for_governor governor's_race
senate_race senate_campaign
triumph victory
sweep slam
small_slam little_slam
blowout runaway
romp runaway
laugher runaway
shoo-in runaway
walkaway runaway
licking defeat
waltz walk-in
reversal reverse
setback reverse
blow reverse
black_eye reverse
skunk shutout
walloping thrashing
debacle thrashing
drubbing thrashing
slaughter thrashing
trouncing thrashing
whipping thrashing
spelldown spelling_bee
spelling_contest spelling_bee
bonanza boom
gold_rush boom
gravy boom
godsend boom
manna_from_heaven boom
windfall boom
bunce boom
collapse crash
swoon faint
syncope faint
deliquium faint
soulfulness soul
passionateness passion
abandon wildness
ardour ardor
fervor ardor
fervour ardor
fervency ardor
fire ardor
fervidness ardor
bathos mawkishness
Oedipal_complex oedipus_complex
ambivalency ambivalence
impassivity emotionlessness
impassiveness emotionlessness
phlegm emotionlessness
indifference emotionlessness
stolidity emotionlessness
unemotionality emotionlessness
lassitude languor
listlessness languor
aspiration ambition
dream ambition
appetency appetite
appetence appetite
wishing wish
want wish
yearning longing
hungriness longing
yen hankering
sexual_urge sex
eros sexual_desire
concupiscence sexual_desire
physical_attraction sexual_desire
sexual_love love
erotic_love love
sensualness sensuality
sensualism sensuality
eroticism amorousness
erotism amorousness
sexiness amorousness
amativeness amorousness
lust lecherousness
lustfulness lecherousness
pruriency prurience
lasciviousness prurience
carnality prurience
lubricity prurience
itch urge
impulse caprice
whim caprice
pleasance pleasure
delectation delight
ravishment entrancement
relish gusto
zest gusto
zestfulness gusto
solace consolation
solacement consolation
bright_side silver_lining
alleviation relief
assuagement relief
algophilia algolagnia
painfulness pain
stab pang
twinge pang
hurt suffering
torment agony
torture agony
soreness discomfort
irritation discomfort
hurt distress
suffering distress
torment anguish
torture anguish
self-torment self-torture
fancy fondness
partiality fondness
enchantment captivation
enthrallment captivation
fascination captivation
penchant preference
predilection preference
taste preference
propensity leaning
tendency leaning
amicableness amicability
goodwill good_will
favour favor
esteem admiration
adoration worship
disaffection alienation
estrangement alienation
aversion antipathy
distaste antipathy
disdain contempt
scorn contempt
despite contempt
abomination abhorrence
detestation abhorrence
execration abhorrence
loathing abhorrence
odium abhorrence
repulsion repugnance
revulsion repugnance
horror repugnance
thankfulness gratefulness
appreciativeness gratefulness
ungratefulness ingratitude
solicitousness solicitude
tenderness softheartedness
aloofness distance
detachment withdrawal
coldheartedness heartlessness
hardheartedness heartlessness
mercilessness cruelty
pitilessness cruelty
ruthlessness cruelty
self-hatred self-disgust
uneasiness self-consciousness
uncomfortableness self-consciousness
sheepishness shamefacedness
humiliation chagrin
mortification chagrin
discombobulation confusion
bashfulness abashment
discomposure discomfiture
disconcertion discomfiture
disconcertment discomfiture
pridefulness pride
self-pride self-esteem
egotism ego
self-importance ego
conceit amour_propre
self-love amour_propre
vanity amour_propre
humbleness humility
submission meekness
amazement astonishment
wonderment wonder
admiration wonder
shock daze
stupor daze
expectancy anticipation
playfulness gaiety
solemnity gravity
seriousness earnestness
sincerity earnestness
sensitiveness sensitivity
perceptiveness insight
perceptivity insight
fidgetiness fidget
restlessness fidget
turmoil tumult
placidness placidity
imperturbability coolness
imperturbableness coolness
tranquility tranquillity
quietness tranquillity
quietude tranquillity
peacefulness peace
peace_of_mind peace
repose peace
serenity peace
heartsease peace
ataraxis peace
relaxation easiness
dreaminess languor
choler anger
ire anger
high_dudgeon dudgeon
rage fury
madness fury
enragement infuriation
offense umbrage
offence umbrage
outrage indignation
hackles dander
ill_temper bad_temper
chafe annoyance
vexation annoyance
temper pique
irritation pique
exasperation aggravation
torment harassment
fearfulness fear
fright fear
dismay alarm
consternation alarm
shiver frisson
chill frisson
quiver frisson
shudder frisson
thrill frisson
tingle frisson
terror panic
affright panic
reverence fear
awe fear
veneration fear
panic_attack scare
apprehensiveness apprehension
dread apprehension
premonition foreboding
presentiment foreboding
boding foreboding
timidness timidity
timorousness timidity
self-doubt diffidence
self-distrust diffidence
hesitancy hesitance
trouble worry
care concern
fear concern
disquiet anxiousness
uneasiness edginess
inquietude edginess
disquietude edginess
sinking_feeling sinking
qualm scruple
misgiving scruple
jumpiness jitteriness
nervousness jitteriness
restiveness jitteriness
bravery fearlessness
gladfulness gladness
gladsomeness gladness
joyousness joy
joyfulness joy
high_spirits elation
lightness elation
jubilance exultation
jubilancy exultation
jubilation exultation
excitement exhilaration
boot bang
charge bang
rush bang
flush bang
thrill bang
kick bang
euphory euphoria
merriment gaiety
mirth hilarity
mirthfulness hilarity
glee hilarity
gleefulness hilarity
jocularity jocundity
intimacy closeness
blitheness cheerfulness
perkiness buoyancy
insouciance carefreeness
lightheartedness carefreeness
lightsomeness carefreeness
complacence complacency
self-complacency complacency
self-satisfaction complacency
fulfilment fulfillment
gloating gloat
glee gloat
unhappiness sadness
gloominess gloom
somberness gloom
sombreness gloom
brooding pensiveness
Weltschmerz world-weariness
woefulness woe
loneliness forlornness
desolation forlornness
tearfulness weepiness
contrition attrition
contriteness attrition
heartache grief
heartbreak grief
brokenheartedness grief
sorrowfulness mournfulness
ruthfulness mournfulness
dolour dolor
regret sorrow
rue sorrow
ruefulness sorrow
remorse compunction
self-reproach compunction
guilty_conscience guilt
guilt_feelings guilt
guilt_trip guilt
penitence repentance
penance repentance
uncheerfulness cheerlessness
pall chill
dejectedness downheartedness
low-spiritedness downheartedness
lowness downheartedness
dispiritedness downheartedness
demoralisation demoralization
despondence despondency
heartsickness despondency
disconsolateness despondency
oppressiveness oppression
discontent discontentment
discontentedness discontentment
ennui boredom
tedium boredom
letdown disappointment
defeat frustration
sanguineness sanguinity
surrender resignation
disheartenment discouragement
dismay discouragement
agape_love agape
ardour ardor
enamoredness amorousness
calf_love puppy_love
crush puppy_love
infatuation puppy_love
devotedness devotion
affectionateness affection
fondness affection
tenderness affection
heart affection
warmness affection
warmheartedness affection
philia affection
fond_regard attachment
respect regard
caring lovingness
warmth warmheartedness
hatred hate
misogynism misogyny
despising despisal
enmity hostility
ill_will hostility
animus animosity
bad_blood animosity
aggressiveness aggression
belligerency belligerence
bitterness resentment
gall resentment
rancor resentment
rancour resentment
huffishness sulkiness
score grudge
grievance grudge
enviousness envy
green-eyed_monster jealousy
malignity malevolence
maliciousness malice
spite malice
spitefulness malice
venom malice
vengefulness vindictiveness
mood temper
humor temper
humour temper
sulkiness sulk
good_humour good_humor
good_temper good_humor
amiability good_humor
jolliness jollity
joviality jollity
ill_humour ill_humor
distemper ill_humor
glumness moroseness
sullenness moroseness
short_temper irascibility
spleen irascibility
quick_temper irascibility
crossness irritability
fretfulness irritability
fussiness irritability
peevishness irritability
petulance irritability
choler irritability
touchiness testiness
tetchiness testiness
fellow_feeling sympathy
kind-heartedness kindheartedness
compassionateness compassion
pity commiseration
ruth commiseration
pathos commiseration
tenderheartedness tenderness
mercy mercifulness
avidity eagerness
avidness eagerness
keenness eagerness
ardour ardor
elan ardor
zeal ardor
solid_food food
edible comestible
eatable comestible
pabulum comestible
victual comestible
victuals comestible
delicacy dainty
goody dainty
kickshaw dainty
treat dainty
ulcer_diet bland_diet
carbo_loading carbohydrate_loading
vitamin-deficiency_diet high-vitamin_diet
low-salt_diet low-sodium_diet
salt-free_diet low-sodium_diet
obesity_diet reducing_diet
pap soft_diet
spoon_food soft_diet
chuck chow
eats chow
grub chow
table board
food_product foodstuff
colouring coloring
food_coloring coloring
food_colouring coloring
food_color coloring
food_colour coloring
Indian_meal cornmeal
matzoh_meal matzo_meal
matzah_meal matzo_meal
rolled_oats oatmeal
fiber roughage
graham_flour whole_wheat_flour
graham whole_wheat_flour
whole_meal_flour whole_wheat_flour
soybean_flour soybean_meal
soy_flour soybean_meal
nourishment nutriment
nutrition nutriment
sustenance nutriment
aliment nutriment
alimentation nutriment
victuals nutriment
culinary_art cuisine
provisions commissariat
provender commissariat
viands commissariat
victuals commissariat
fresh_foods fresh_food
frozen_foods frozen_food
canned_foods canned_food
canned_goods canned_food
tinned_goods canned_food
tinned_meat canned_meat
dehydrated_foods dehydrated_food
repast meal
petit_dejeuner continental_breakfast
luncheon lunch
tiffin lunch
dejeuner lunch
afternoon_tea tea
teatime tea
barbeque barbecue
weenie_roast wiener_roast
collation bite
snack bite
tea_break coffee_break
feast banquet
spread banquet
portion helping
serving helping
mouthful taste
bit morsel
bite morsel
sup swallow
chaw chew
cud chew
quid chew
plug chew
wad chew
main_course entree
side_order side_dish
entremets side_dish
chicken_cacciatora chicken_cacciatore
hunter's_chicken chicken_cacciatore
joint roast
appetiser appetizer
starter appetizer
borsh borsch
borscht borsch
borsht borsch
borshch borsch
bortsch borsch
pot_liquor liquor
pot_likker liquor
beef_stock beef_broth
chicken_stock chicken_broth
stock broth
cocky-leeky cock-a-leekie
Philadelphia_pepper_pot pepper_pot
minestrone petite_marmite
vegetable_soup petite_marmite
pottage potage
green_turtle_soup turtle_soup
wonton won_ton
wonton_soup won_ton
potage_St._Germain green_pea_soup
Spanish_burgoo olla_podrida
mulligan mulligan_stew
Irish_burgoo mulligan_stew
chicken_purloo purloo
poilu purloo
Hungarian_goulash goulash
gulyas goulash
hotpot hot_pot
lobscuse lobscouse
scouse lobscouse
self-raising_flour self-rising_flour
delicatessen_food delicatessen
takeout_food takeout
takeaway takeout
tidbit choice_morsel
titbit choice_morsel
savoury savory
caramelized_sugar caramel
sugar_loaf sugarloaf
loaf_sugar sugarloaf
caster_sugar castor_sugar
demerara_sugar demerara
confection sweet
confect candy
carob_powder carob
Saint-John's-bread carob
barley_candy barley-sugar
toffee brittle
toffy brittle
gum chewing_gum
succade candied_fruit
crystallized_fruit candied_fruit
candy_apple candied_apple
taffy_apple candied_apple
caramel_apple candied_apple
toffee_apple candied_apple
baking_chocolate bitter_chocolate
cooking_chocolate bitter_chocolate
centre center
semi-sweet_chocolate bittersweet_chocolate
dark_chocolate bittersweet_chocolate
sprinkles jimmies
spun_sugar cotton_candy
candyfloss cotton_candy
divinity_fudge divinity
penoche penuche
panoche penuche
panocha penuche
mint_candy mint
peppermint_candy peppermint
jelly_egg jelly_bean
candy_kiss kiss
liquorice licorice
sucker lollipop
all-day_sucker lollipop
troche cough_drop
pastille cough_drop
pastil cough_drop
marchpane marzipan
rock rock_candy
chocolate_truffle truffle
sweet dessert
afters dessert
nectar ambrosia
fruit_compote compote
pud pudding
sillabub syllabub
Jell-O jello
frappe ice
sorbet water_ice
icecream ice_cream
sherbet sherbert
lolly ice_lolly
lollipop ice_lolly
popsicle ice_lolly
sundae ice-cream_sundae
soft_ice_cream frozen_custard
Christmas_pudding plum_pudding
plum_duff duff
Nesselrode_pudding nesselrode
roly-poly_pudding roly-poly
maraschino_cherry maraschino
icing frosting
ice frosting
sabayon zabaglione
pastry_dough pastry
pie_shell pie_crust
pandowdy dowdy
piroshki pirogi
pirozhki pirogi
timbale_case timbale
cobbler deep-dish_pie
bouchee patty_shell
pate_feuillete puff_paste
pouf_paste puff_batter
pate_a_choux puff_batter
chou cream_puff
rum_baba baba_au_rhum
coffee_cake coffeecake
devil's_food_cake devil's_food
icebox_cake ice-cream_cake
angel_food_cake angel_cake
Swiss_roll jellyroll
Madeira_sponge madeira_cake
bridecake wedding_cake
jumbal jumble
skillet_cake upside-down_cake
seed_cake seedcake
tea_biscuit teacake
cooky cookie
biscuit cookie
shortbread_cookie shortbread
almond_crescent almond_cookie
ginger_snap gingersnap
snap gingersnap
ginger_nut gingersnap
ratafia_biscuit ratafia
oreo_cookie oreo
Toll_House_cookie chocolate_chip_cookie
donut doughnut
sinker doughnut
bismark berlin_doughnut
jelly_doughnut berlin_doughnut
twister cruller
beignet french_fritter
battercake pancake
flannel_cake pancake
flannel-cake pancake
flapcake pancake
flapjack pancake
griddlecake pancake
hotcake pancake
hot_cake pancake
bliny blini
blintze blintz
crepe crape
French_pancake crape
german_pancake pfannkuchen
latke potato_pancake
fish_ball fish_cake
Victoria_sponge victoria_sandwich
fish_finger fish_stick
preserve conserve
conserves conserve
preserves conserve
lemon_cheese lemon_curd
strawberry_preserves strawberry_jam
jelly gelatin
fowl bird
poulet chicken
volaille chicken
frier fryer
pullet fryer
Oven_Stuffer_Roaster oven_stuffer
dove squab
turkey_drumstick turkey_leg
chicken_drumstick chicken_leg
thigh second_joint
white_meat breast
giblets giblet
pope's_nose parson's_nose
organs variety_meat
calf's_liver calves'_liver
sweetbreads sweetbread
throat_sweetbread neck_sweetbread
cut_of_meat cut
barbeque barbecue
biriani biryani
slice piece
scallop cutlet
scollop cutlet
escallop cutlet
filet fillet
fish_fillet fillet
fish_filet fillet
side_of_meat side
shin_bone shin
undercut tenderloin
filet fillet
club_steak delmonico_steak
porterhouse_steak porterhouse
standing_rib_roast rib_roast
New_York_strip strip_steak
boeuf beef
roast_beef beef_roast
cake patty
hamburger ground_beef
chop_steak chopped_steak
chopsteak chopped_steak
hamburger_steak chopped_steak
beef_patty chopped_steak
corned_beef bully_beef
corn_beef bully_beef
jerked_meat jerky
jerk jerky
pemican pemmican
veau veal
veal_parmigiana veal_parmesan
scrag_end scrag
roast_veal veal_roast
horseflesh horsemeat
hare rabbit
mutton mouton
poitrine_d'agneau breast_of_lamb
lamb-chop lamb_chop
lambchop lamb_chop
roast_lamb lamb_roast
crown_roast rack_of_lamb
gigot leg_of_lamb
porc pork
suckling_pig cochon_de_lait
side_of_bacon flitch
roast_pork pork_roast
jambon ham
gammon ham
picnic_shoulder picnic_ham
pigs'_knuckles pigs'_feet
chitlins chitterlings
chitlings chitterlings
margarin margarine
oleo margarine
oleomargarine margarine
marge margarine
oil vegetable_oil
canola canola_oil
copra_oil coconut_oil
groundnut_oil peanut_oil
soyabean_oil soybean_oil
sunflower-seed_oil sunflower_oil
blood_pudding blood_sausage
black_pudding blood_sausage
Bologna_sausage bologna
frankfurter frank
hotdog frank
hot_dog frank
dog frank
wiener frank
wienerwurst frank
weenie frank
knockwurst knackwurst
liver_sausage liver_pudding
liverwurst liver_pudding
brat bratwurst
luncheon_meat lunch_meat
dressing stuffing
oyster_dressing oyster_stuffing
farce forcemeat
breadstuff bread
staff_of_life bread
bread-stick breadstick
Boston_brown_bread brown_bread
roll bun
hallah challah
whole_wheat_bread dark_bread
whole_meal_bread dark_bread
brown_bread dark_bread
chapati chapatti
pocket_bread pita
loaf loaf_of_bread
matzoh matzo
matzah matzo
unleavened_bread matzo
naan nan
fry_bread skillet_bread
pumpernickel black_bread
Jewish_rye jewish_rye_bread
Swedish_rye swedish_rye_bread
sourdough_bread sour_bread
light_bread white_bread
baguette baguet
ash_cake ashcake
corn_tash ashcake
pone cornpone
corn_dodger corn_dab
dodger corn_dab
hushpuppy hush_puppy
johnny_cake johnnycake
journey_cake johnnycake
batter_bread spoon_bread
rusk zwieback
Brussels_biscuit zwieback
twice-baked_bread zwieback
hotdog_bun frankfurter_bun
hamburger_roll hamburger_bun
gem muffin
griddlecake drop_scone
Scotch_pancake drop_scone
hot_cross_bun cross_bun
croissant crescent_roll
Vienna_roll hard_roll
bialystoker bialy
coffee_roll sweet_roll
bear_paw bear_claw
cinnamon_bun cinnamon_roll
cinnamon_snail cinnamon_roll
sticky_bun honey_bun
caramel_bun honey_bun
schnecken honey_bun
danish_pastry danish
beigel bagel
soda_biscuit buttermilk_biscuit
pilot_biscuit hardtack
pilot_bread hardtack
sea_biscuit hardtack
ship_biscuit hardtack
three-decker club_sandwich
triple-decker club_sandwich
open_sandwich open-face_sandwich
beefburger hamburger
burger hamburger
hot_dog hotdog
red_hot hotdog
grinder bomber
hero bomber
hero_sandwich bomber
hoagie bomber
hoagy bomber
Cuban_sandwich bomber
Italian_sandwich bomber
poor_boy bomber
sub bomber
submarine bomber
submarine_sandwich bomber
torpedo bomber
wedge bomber
zep bomber
BLT bacon-lettuce-tomato_sandwich
western_sandwich western
alimentary_paste pasta
bowtie_pasta farfalle
linguini linguine
fettuccini fettuccine
lasagne lasagna
cappelletti ravioli
matzoh_ball matzo_ball
matzah_ball matzo_ball
wonton won_ton
dumplings dumpling
cornmeal_mush mush
jook congee
hominy_grits grits
dry_cereal cold_cereal
green_goods produce
green_groceries produce
garden_truck produce
veggie vegetable
veg vegetable
julienne_vegetable julienne
rabbit_food raw_vegetable
green greens
leafy_vegetable greens
tofu bean_curd
white_potato potato
Irish_potato potato
murphy potato
spud potato
tater potato
french-fried_potatoes french_fries
fries french_fries
chips french_fries
home-fried_potatoes home_fries
potato_peel potato_skin
potato_peelings potato_skin
crisp chip
potato_chip chip
Saratoga_chip chip
aubergine eggplant
mad_apple eggplant
rhubarb pieplant
mustard_greens mustard
leaf_mustard mustard
Indian_mustard mustard
chou cabbage
kail kale
cole kale
collard_greens collards
celery_cabbage chinese_cabbage
Chinese_celery chinese_cabbage
bok_choi bok_choy
savoy savoy_cabbage
broccoli_raab broccoli_rabe
crookneck_squash crookneck
summer_crookneck crookneck
courgette zucchini
vegetable_marrow marrow
cuke cucumber
globe_artichoke artichoke
sunchoke jerusalem_artichoke
beetroot beet
Swiss_chard chard
spinach_beet chard
leaf_beet chard
pimiento pimento
chili_pepper chili
chilli chili
chilly chili
chile chili
jalapeno_pepper jalapeno
cayenne_pepper cayenne
red_pepper tabasco
spring_onion green_onion
scallion green_onion
red_onion purple_onion
salad_greens salad_green
iceberg_lettuce crisphead_lettuce
iceberg crisphead_lettuce
cos_lettuce cos
romaine cos
romaine_lettuce cos
loose-leaf_lettuce leaf_lettuce
edible_bean bean
garden_pea green_pea
sugar_pea snow_pea
garbanzo chickpea
pigeon_pea cajan_pea
dahl cajan_pea
cowpea black-eyed_pea
pea_bean navy_bean
white_bean navy_bean
turtle_bean black_bean
haricot flageolet
snap snap_bean
Kentucky_wonder_bean kentucky_wonder
scarlet_runner_bean scarlet_runner
runner_bean scarlet_runner
English_runner_bean scarlet_runner
haricots_verts haricot_vert
French_bean haricot_vert
yellow_bean wax_bean
butter_bean sieva_bean
butterbean sieva_bean
civet_bean sieva_bean
broad_bean fava_bean
soybean soy
soya soy
soya_bean soy
Paschal_celery pascal_celery
celery_root celeriac
curly_endive chicory
chicory_root chicory
endive chicory_escarole
escarole chicory_escarole
French_endive belgian_endive
witloof belgian_endive
edible_corn corn
green_corn sweet_corn
okra gumbo
turnip_cabbage kohlrabi
pigweed lamb's-quarter
wild_spinach lamb's-quarter
husk_tomato tomatillo
Mexican_husk_tomato tomatillo
vegetable_oyster oyster_plant
black_salsify scorzonera
swede rutabaga
swedish_turnip rutabaga
yellow_turnip rutabaga
common_sorrel sorrel
taro_root taro
cocoyam taro
dasheen taro
edda taro
earthnut truffle
earthnut peanut
goober peanut
goober_pea peanut
groundnut peanut
monkey_nut peanut
clingstone cling
skin peel
banana_skin banana_peel
lemon_rind lemon_peel
orange_rind orange_peel
crabapple crab_apple
dessert_apple eating_apple
Yellow_Delicious golden_delicious
whortleberry bilberry
European_blueberry bilberry
boxberry wintergreen
checkerberry wintergreen
teaberry wintergreen
spiceberry wintergreen
mountain_cranberry lingonberry
cowberry lingonberry
lowbush_cranberry lingonberry
serviceberry saskatoon
shadberry saskatoon
juneberry saskatoon
lansa lanseh
lansat lanseh
lanset lanseh
hackberry sugarberry
barbados_cherry acerola
surinam_cherry acerola
West_Indian_cherry acerola
star_fruit carambola
monstera ceriman
natal_plum carissa_plum
citrus_fruit citrus
citrous_fruit citrus
mandarin_orange mandarin
ugli tangelo
ugli_fruit tangelo
Seville_orange bitter_orange
sour_orange bitter_orange
shaddock pomelo
damson_plum damson
greengage_plum greengage
sultana seedless_raisin
ananas pineapple
river_pear anchovy_pear
sweet_cup bell_apple
water_lemon bell_apple
yellow_granadilla bell_apple
jak jackfruit
jack jackfruit
cocoa_bean cacao_bean
eggfruit canistel
sweet_melon muskmelon
cantaloupe cantaloup
honeydew_melon honeydew
netted_melon net_melon
nutmeg_melon net_melon
casaba_melon casaba
black_cherry sweet_cherry
oxheart heart_cherry
oxheart_cherry heart_cherry
blackheart_cherry blackheart
Mexican_black_cherry capulin
coco_plum cocoa_plum
icaco cocoa_plum
bullace_grape muscadine
muscatel muscat
muscat_grape muscat
cherimolla cherimoya
guanabana soursop
Jamaica_apple bullock's_heart
annon sweetsop
sugar_apple sweetsop
pawpaw papaw
kitembilla ketembilla
kitambilla ketembilla
akee ackee
pineapple_guava feijoa
Spanish_lime genip
genipap_fruit genipap
kiwi_fruit kiwi
Chinese_gooseberry kiwi
Japanese_plum loquat
sapodilla_plum sapodilla
sapota sapodilla
mammee sapote
marmalade_plum sapote
tamarindo tamarind
alligator_pear avocado
avocado_pear avocado
aguacate avocado
yellow_mombin hog_plum
wild_plum hog_plum
Chinese_date jujube
Chinese_jujube jujube
litchi_nut litchi
litchee litchi
lichi litchi
leechee litchi
lichee litchi
lychee litchi
dragon's_eye longanberry
mammee mamey
mammee_apple mamey
ripe_olive black_olive
bartlett_pear bartlett
seckel_pear seckel
blade_apple barbados_gooseberry
quandang quandong
quantong quandong
native_peach quandong
rambotan rambutan
pulassan pulasan
sorb_apple sorb
monkey_bread sour_gourd
areca_nut betel_nut
brazil brazil_nut
cashew_nut cashew
chinkapin chincapin
chinquapin chincapin
filbert hazelnut
cobnut hazelnut
cob hazelnut
cocoanut coconut
coconut_meat coconut
coconut_water coconut_milk
potato_bean groundnut
wild_bean groundnut
pignolia pine_nut
pinon_nut pine_nut
pistachio_nut pistachio
sea_bream bream
freshwater_bream bream
bass freshwater_bass
bass sea_bass
striper striped_bass
mahimahi dolphinfish
mudcat catfish
tuna_fish tuna
tunny tuna
bluefin_tuna bluefin
calamari squid
calamary squid
sea_squab blowfish
puffer blowfish
pufferfish blowfish
snail escargot
winkle periwinkle
grey_mullet mullet
gray_mullet mullet
kippered_herring kipper
oyster huitre
blue_point bluepoint
quahog quahaug
hard-shell_clam quahaug
round_clam quahaug
littleneck_clam littleneck
cherrystone_clam cherrystone
steamer soft-shell_clam
steamer_clam soft-shell_clam
long-neck_clam soft-shell_clam
crabmeat crab
soft-shelled_crab soft-shell_crab
Alaskan_king_crab alaska_king_crab
king_crab alaska_king_crab
Alaska_crab alaska_king_crab
crawfish crayfish
crawdad crayfish
ecrevisse crayfish
codfish cod
pollock pollack
scrod schrod
finnan_haddock finnan_haddie
finnan finnan_haddie
smoked_haddock finnan_haddie
scup porgy
fillet_of_sole sole
gray_sole grey_sole
English_sole lemon_sole
winter_flounder lemon_sole
rosefish redfish
ocean_perch redfish
Northern_lobster american_lobster
Maine_lobster american_lobster
langouste spiny_lobster
rock_lobster spiny_lobster
crayfish spiny_lobster
langoustine norwegian_lobster
scampo norwegian_lobster
pilchard sardine
shrimp prawn
salmon_trout sea_trout
speckled_trout brook_trout
cisco lake_herring
sockeye red_salmon
sockeye_salmon red_salmon
chinook chinook_salmon
king_salmon chinook_salmon
coho_salmon silver_salmon
coho silver_salmon
cohoe silver_salmon
Nova_lox nova_scotia_lox
Nova_Scotia_salmon nova_scotia_lox
Nova_salmon nova_scotia_lox
Nova_style_salmon nova_scotia_lox
scollop scallop
escallop scallop
smoked_herring red_herring
rainbow_smelt american_smelt
sparling european_smelt
brisling sprat
hard_roe roe
soft_roe milt
caviare caviar
provender feed
forage eatage
pasture eatage
pasturage eatage
grass eatage
ensilage silage
horse_bean broad_bean
food_grain grain
cereal grain
barleycorn barley
bulghur bulgur
bulgur_wheat bulgur
wheat_berry wheat
polished_rice white_rice
Indian_rice wild_rice
slops slop
swill slop
pigswill slop
pigwash slop
scratch chicken_feed
rechewed_food cud
bird_food bird_feed
birdseed bird_feed
pet-food petfood
pet_food petfood
tuna_salad tuna_fish_salad
slaw coleslaw
tabooli tabbouleh
fixings ingredient
flavourer flavorer
flavoring flavorer
flavouring flavorer
seasoner flavorer
seasoning flavorer
Bovril beef_tea
oil_of_wintergreen wintergreen_oil
table_salt salt
common_salt salt
cumin_seed cumin
gingerroot ginger
powdered_ginger ginger
peppercorn pepper
sweet_basil basil
healing_herb comfrey
Chinese_parsley coriander
cilantro coriander
coriander_seed coriander
common_fennel fennel
Florence_fennel fennel
finocchio fennel
fenugreek_seed fenugreek
ail garlic
garlic_clove clove
oregano marjoram
table_mustard mustard
savoury savory
summer_savoury summer_savory
winter_savoury winter_savory
waldmeister sweet_woodruff
estragon tarragon
ketchup catsup
cetchup catsup
tomato_ketchup catsup
cardamon cardamom
cardamum cardamom
cayenne_pepper cayenne
red_pepper cayenne
Indian_relish chutney
hoisin_sauce duck_sauce
apple_sauce applesauce
soy soy_sauce
Tabasco_sauce tabasco
aniseed anise
anise_seed anise
star_anise chinese_anise
star_aniseed chinese_anise
benniseed sesame_seed
dill_weed dill
MSG monosodium_glutamate
vanilla_extract vanilla
acetum vinegar
sauce_Albert horseradish_sauce
tartar_sauce tartare_sauce
mushroom_wine_sauce marchand_de_vin
ravigotte ravigote
salad_dressing dressing
blue_cheese_dressing bleu_cheese_dressing
Roquefort_dressing blue_cheese_dressing
vinaigrette french_dressing
sauce_vinaigrette french_dressing
mayo mayonnaise
sauce_verte green_mayonnaise
aioli_sauce aioli
garlic_sauce aioli
Russian_mayonnaise russian_dressing
Bercy_butter bercy
bourguignon_sauce bourguignon
Burgundy_sauce bourguignon
sauce_Espagnole brown_sauce
sauce_Espagnole espagnole
brown_sauce chinese_brown_sauce
chocolate_syrup chocolate_sauce
fudge_sauce hot-fudge_sauce
seafood_sauce cocktail_sauce
Colbert_butter colbert
bechamel_sauce white_sauce
bechamel white_sauce
demi-glaze demiglace
pan_gravy gravy
pasta_sauce spaghetti_sauce
sauce_chausseur hunter's_sauce
shrimp_sauce nantua
paprika_sauce hungarian_sauce
Poivrade pepper_sauce
white_onion_sauce soubise
brown_onion_sauce lyonnaise_sauce
allemande_sauce allemande
Worcestershire worcester_sauce
Worcestershire_sauce worcester_sauce
coconut_cream coconut_milk
eggs egg
white egg_white
albumen egg_white
ovalbumin egg_white
yolk egg_yolk
coddled_egg boiled_egg
hard-cooked_egg hard-boiled_egg
dropped_egg poached_egg
stuffed_egg deviled_egg
baked_egg shirred_egg
egg_en_cocotte shirred_egg
omelette omelet
soybean_milk soya_milk
soymilk soya_milk
dry_milk powdered_milk
dried_milk powdered_milk
milk_powder powdered_milk
skimmed_milk skim_milk
Devonshire_cream clotted_cream
heavy_whipping_cream double_creme
coffee_cream light_cream
single_cream light_cream
soured_cream sour_cream
light_whipping_cream whipping_cream
drawn_butter clarified_butter
beurre_noisette brown_butter
lemon_butter meuniere_butter
yoghurt yogurt
yoghourt yogurt
triple_creme triple_cream
pot_cheese cottage_cheese
farm_cheese cottage_cheese
farmer's_cheese cottage_cheese
processed_cheese process_cheese
blue_cheese bleu
cheddar_cheese cheddar
Armerican_cheddar cheddar
American_cheese cheddar
store_cheese rat_cheese
chevre goat_cheese
Gouda_cheese gouda
quark quark_cheese
Emmental emmenthal
Emmenthaler emmenthal
Emmentaler emmenthal
paste spread
humus hummus
hommos hummus
hoummos hummus
humous hummus
pate_de_foie_gras foie_gras
sweetener sweetening
refined_sugar sugar
sirup syrup
sorghum_molasses sorghum
golden_syrup treacle
manna miraculous_food
manna_from_heaven miraculous_food
sops sop
spareribs barbecued_spareribs
boeuf_Bourguignonne beef_bourguignonne
filet_de_boeuf_en_croute beef_wellington
New_England_boiled_dinner boiled_dinner
Belgian_beef_stew carbonnade_flamande
chicken_paprikash chicken_paprika
chili_con_carne chili
codfish_cake codfish_ball
stuffed_grape_leaves dolmas
egg_fu_yung egg_foo_yong
spring_roll egg_roll
felafel falafel
fondu fondue
fondu fondue
boeuf_fondu_bourguignon beef_fondue
Chinese_fried_rice fried_rice
fish_ball gefilte_fish
kebab kabob
shish_kebab kabob
souvlakia souvlaki
lasagne lasagna
lobster_a_la_Newburg lobster_newburg
lutfisk lutefisk
porcupines porcupine_ball
meatloaf meat_loaf
bone_marrow marrow
pilaff pilaf
pilau pilaf
pilaw pilaf
pizza_pie pizza
burgoo oatmeal
rijstaffel rijsttaffel
rijstafel rijsttaffel
Italian_rice risotto
scallopini scallopine
tartar_steak steak_tartare
cannibal_mound steak_tartare
peppered_steak steak_au_poivre
pepper_steak steak_au_poivre
stuffed_derma kishke
hot_stuffed_tomato stuffed_tomato
cold_stuffed_tomato stuffed_tomato
Welsh_rabbit welsh_rarebit
rarebit welsh_rarebit
Wiener_schnitzel schnitzel
frijoles_refritos refried_beans
drink beverage
drinkable beverage
potable beverage
mixture concoction
intermixture concoction
premix mix
philtre philter
love-potion philter
love-philter philter
love-philtre philter
draught draft
potation draft
tipple draft
round_of_drinks round
toast pledge
alcoholic_drink alcohol
alcoholic_beverage alcohol
intoxicant alcohol
inebriant alcohol
homebrew home_brew
hootch hooch
kavakava kava
brewage brew
draught_beer draft_beer
Munchener munich_beer
bock_beer bock
lager_beer lager
Octoberfest oktoberfest
Pilsener pilsner
white_beer weissbier
wheat_beer weissbier
malt_liquor malt
porter's_beer porter
saki sake
rice_beer sake
vino wine
pink_wine blush_wine
rose blush_wine
rose_wine blush_wine
sacramental_wine altar_wine
bubbly champagne
Burgundy_wine burgundy
white_Burgundy chablis
Pinot_Chardonnay chardonnay
Bordeaux_wine bordeaux
red_Bordeaux claret
Cabernet_Sauvignon cabernet
maconnais macon
Rhenish rhine_wine
hock rhine_wine
Sauternes sauterne
Italian_vermouth sweet_vermouth
French_vermouth dry_vermouth
generic_wine generic
varietal_wine varietal
port_wine port
muscatel muscat
muscadel muscat
muscadelle muscat
spirits liquor
booze liquor
hard_drink liquor
hard_liquor liquor
John_Barleycorn liquor
strong_drink liquor
ethyl_alcohol neutral_spirits
ardent_spirits aqua_vitae
bootleg moonshine
corn_liquor moonshine
akvavit aquavit
arak arrack
Holland_gin geneva
Hollands geneva
demerara_rum demerara
schnaps schnapps
whisky whiskey
blended_whisky blended_whiskey
corn_whisky corn_whiskey
corn corn_whiskey
Irish_whiskey irish
Irish_whisky irish
rye_whiskey rye
rye_whisky rye
Scotch_whiskey scotch
Scotch_whisky scotch
malt_whiskey scotch
malt_whisky scotch
Scotch_malt_whiskey scotch
Scotch_malt_whisky scotch
sour_mash_whiskey sour_mash
cordial liqueur
absinthe absinth
anisette_de_Bordeaux anisette
curacoa curacao
maraschino_liqueur maraschino
ratafee ratafia
shandy shandygaff
bloody_shame virgin_mary
Tom_Collins collins
rum_cocktail daiquiri
mint_julep julep
sillabub syllabub
sangria sangaree
whisky_sour whiskey_sour
whisky_neat whiskey_neat
whisky_on_the_rocks whiskey_on_the_rocks
toddy hot_toddy
zombi zombie
demitasse cafe_noir
decaf decaffeinated_coffee
latte caffe_latte
cappuccino_coffee cappuccino
coffee_cappuccino cappuccino
ice_coffee iced_coffee
mocha_coffee mocha
cyder cider
chocolate cocoa
hot_chocolate cocoa
drinking_chocolate cocoa
ice-cream_float ice-cream_soda
float ice-cream_soda
milk_shake milkshake
shake milkshake
fruit_crush fruit_juice
orange-juice_concentrate frozen_orange_juice
kumis koumiss
ade fruit_drink
malt malted
malted_milk malted
soda pop
soda_pop pop
soda_water pop
tonic pop
dope cola
ginger_pop ginger_ale
Coke coca_cola
Pepsi_Cola pepsi
tonic_water tonic
quinine_water tonic
coffee_berry coffee_bean
coffee coffee_bean
java coffee
coffee_royal cafe_royale
buck's_fizz mimosa
tea_leaf tea
cupper cuppa
herbal_tea herb_tea
herbal herb_tea
iced_tea ice_tea
congo congou
congou_tea congou
English_breakfast_tea congou
pekoe orange_pekoe
soochong souchong
carbonated_water soda_water
club_soda soda_water
seltzer soda_water
sparkling_water soda_water
spoilable perishable
ramequin ramekin
rugelach rugulah
ruggelach rugulah
multivitamin_pill multivitamin
mould mold
categorization classification
categorisation classification
duality dichotomy
clon clone
biotic_community community
age_bracket age_group
cohort age_group
elderly aged
youth young
cautious timid
businesspeople business_people
countryfolk country_people
countryfolk country_people
discomfited defeated
handicapped disabled
lost doomed
episcopate episcopacy
aestivation estivation
folks folk
common_people folk
free_people free
enlightened initiate
retarded mentally_retarded
developmentally_challenged mentally_retarded
maimed wounded
aggregation collection
accumulation collection
assemblage collection
rule_book book
lot bunch
caboodle bunch
tout_ensemble ensemble
disc_pack disk_pack
deck_of_cards pack_of_cards
deck pack_of_cards
deal hand
summation sum
sum_total sum
clump bunch
cluster bunch
clustering bunch
tussock tuft
clod ball
glob ball
lump ball
clump ball
chunk ball
heap pile
mound pile
agglomerate pile
cumulation pile
cumulus pile
compost_pile compost_heap
midden dunghill
muckheap dunghill
muckhill dunghill
hayrick haystack
rick haystack
funeral_pyre pyre
colour_scheme color_scheme
domain world
business_sector business
ethnos ethnic_group
colour color
people_of_color color
people_of_colour color
Herrenvolk master_race
interest_group interest
kin_group kin
kinship_group kin
kindred kin
clan kin
tribe kin
mishpachah mishpocha
family_unit family
family_line family
folk family
kinfolk family
kinsfolk family
sept family
phratry family
gens name
feudal_system feudalism
patriarchate patriarchy
matriarchate matriarchy
conjugal_family nuclear_family
stratum class
social_class class
socio-economic_class class
assemblage gathering
program_library library
subroutine_library library
Nag_Hammadi_Library nag_hammadi
brace pair
twosome couple
duo couple
duet couple
threesome trio
triad trio
trinity trio
triad trio
triplet trio
triple trio
trigon triplicity
quartette quartet
foursome quartet
quintette quintet
fivesome quintet
sextette sextet
sixsome sextet
septette septet
sevensome septet
octette octet
eightsome octet
quartette quartet
quadruplet quartet
quadruple quartet
quintette quintet
quintuplet quintet
quintuple quintet
sextette sextet
sestet sextet
septette septet
octette octet
Tweedledee_and_Tweedledum tweedledum_and_tweedledee
mates couple
match couple
married_couple marriage
man_and_wife marriage
fold flock
fold congregation
faithful congregation
taxonomic_category taxonomic_group
taxon taxonomic_group
biology biota
zoology fauna
shoal school
cloud swarm
plague infestation
category class
family class
sum union
join union
product intersection
Cartesian_product intersection
domain_of_a_function domain
range image
range_of_a_function image
topological_space mathematical_space
auto_company car_company
dot_com dot-com
dot_com_company dot-com
pharmaceutical_company drug_company
pharma drug_company
subsidiary subsidiary_company
root solution
tax_bracket income_bracket
income_tax_bracket income_bracket
bedroom_set bedroom_suite
diningroom_set diningroom_suite
livingroom_set livingroom_suite
bundle package
packet package
parcel package
organisation organization
NGO nongovernmental_organization
AA alcoholics_anonymous
Bearer_of_the_Sword abu_sayyaf
al-Aksa_Martyrs_Brigades aksa_martyrs_brigades
Martyrs_of_al-Aqsa aksa_martyrs_brigades
ABB alex_boncayao_brigade
Revolutionary_Proletarian_Army alex_boncayao_brigade
RPA-ABB alex_boncayao_brigade
Fatah al-fatah
al-Asifa al-fatah
Islamic_Group al-gama'a_al-islamiyya
al-Itihaad_al-Islamiya al_itihaad_al_islamiya
Islamic_Unity al_itihaad_al_islamiya
AIAI al_itihaad_al_islamiya
Egyptian_Islamic_Jihad al-jihad
Islamic_Jihad al-jihad
Vanguards_of_Conquest al-jihad
Qaeda al-qaeda
al-Qa'ida al-qaeda
al-Qaida al-qaeda
Base al-qaeda
Followers_of_the_Phrophet al_sunna_wal_jamma
Al_Tawhid al-tawhid
Divine_Unity al-tawhid
Ansar_al-Islam ansar_al_islam
Supporters_of_Islam ansar_al_islam
Corsican_Army armata_corsa
GIA armed_islamic_group
ASALA armenian_secret_army_for_the_liberation_of_armenia
Orly_Group armenian_secret_army_for_the_liberation_of_armenia
3rd_October_Organization armenian_secret_army_for_the_liberation_of_armenia
ALIR army_for_the_liberation_of_rwanda
Former_Armed_Forces army_for_the_liberation_of_rwanda
FAR army_for_the_liberation_of_rwanda
Interahamwe army_for_the_liberation_of_rwanda
Band_of_Partisans asbat_al-ansar
Aum aum_shinrikyo
Supreme_Truth aum_shinrikyo
Baader-Meinhof_Gang baader_meinhof_gang
Basque_Fatherland_and_Liberty basque_homeland_and_freedom
Euskadi_ta_Askatasuna basque_homeland_and_freedom
ETA basque_homeland_and_freedom
CIRA continuity_irish_republican_army
Continuity_Army_Council continuity_irish_republican_army
DFLP democratic_front_for_the_liberation_of_palestine
Popular_Democratic_Front_for_the_Liberation_of_Palestine democratic_front_for_the_liberation_of_palestine
PDFLP democratic_front_for_the_liberation_of_palestine
East_Turkestan_Islamic_Movement east_turkistan_islamic_movement
Fatah-RC fatah_revolutionary_council
Abu_Nidal_Organization fatah_revolutionary_council
ANO fatah_revolutionary_council
Arab_Revolutionary_Brigades fatah_revolutionary_council
Black_September fatah_revolutionary_council
Revolutionary_Organization_of_Socialist_Muslims fatah_revolutionary_council
Tanzim fatah_tanzim
GRAPO first_of_october_antifascist_resistance_group
Umar_al-Mukhtar_Forces forces_of_umar_al-mukhtar
Islamic_Resistance_Movement hamas
Harakat_ul-Jihad-I-Islami harkat-ul-jihad-e-islami
HUJI harkat-ul-jihad-e-islami
HUM harkat-ul-mujahidin
Harkat_ul-Ansar harkat-ul-mujahidin
HUA harkat-ul-mujahidin
Harkat_ul-Mujahedeen harkat-ul-mujahidin
Al_Faran harkat-ul-mujahidin
Movement_of_Holy_Warriors harkat-ul-mujahidin
Hezbollah hizballah
Hizbollah hizballah
Hizbullah hizballah
Lebanese_Hizballah hizballah
Party_of_God hizballah
Islamic_Jihad hizballah
Islamic_Jihad_for_the_Liberation_of_Palestine hizballah
Revolutionary_Justice_Organization hizballah
Organization_of_the_Oppressed_on_Earth hizballah
Freedom_Party hizb_ut-tahrir
INLA irish_national_liberation_army
People's_Liberation_Army irish_national_liberation_army
People's_Republican_Army irish_national_liberation_army
Catholic_Reaction_Force irish_national_liberation_army
IRA irish_republican_army
Provisional_Irish_Republican_Army irish_republican_army
Provisional_IRA irish_republican_army
Provos irish_republican_army
IAA islamic_army_of_aden
Islamic_Army_of_Aden-Abyan islamic_army_of_aden
Aden-Abyan_Islamic_Army islamic_army_of_aden
IBDA-C islamic_great_eastern_raiders-front
IMU islamic_group_of_uzbekistan
Islamic_Party_of_Turkestan islamic_group_of_uzbekistan
Jaish-e-Muhammad jaish-i-mohammed
JEM jaish-i-mohammed
Army_of_Muhammad jaish-i-mohammed
Fuqra jamaat_ul-fuqra
Tanzimul_Fuqra jamaat_ul-fuqra
JRA japanese_red_army
Anti-Imperialist_International_Brigade japanese_red_army
JI jemaah_islamiyah
Islamic_Group jemaah_islamiyah
Islamic_Community jemaah_islamiyah
Malaysian_Mujahidin_Group jemaah_islamiyah
Malaysia_Militant_Group jemaah_islamiyah
Soldiers_of_God jund-ul-islam
Kach kahane_chai
Association_of_Islamic_Groups_and_Communities kaplan_group
Caliphate_State kaplan_group
KR khmer_rouge
Party_of_Democratic_Kampuchea khmer_rouge
Communist_Party_of_Kampuchea khmer_rouge
Klan ku_klux_klan
KKK ku_klux_klan
Kurdistan_Labor_Pary kurdistan_workers_party
Partiya_Karkeran_Kurdistan kurdistan_workers_party
PPK kurdistan_workers_party
Al_Qanoon lashkar-e-omar
Lashkar-e-Toiba lashkar-e-taiba
Lashkar-e-Tayyiba lashkar-e-taiba
LET lashkar-e-taiba
Army_of_the_Pure lashkar-e-taiba
Army_of_the_Righteous lashkar-e-taiba
Holy_War_Warriors laskar_jihad
Lautaro_Faction_of_the_United_Popular_Action_Movement lautaro_youth_movement
Lautaro_Popular_Rebel_Forces lautaro_youth_movement
LTTE liberation_tigers_of_tamil_eelam
Tamil_Tigers liberation_tigers_of_tamil_eelam
Tigers liberation_tigers_of_tamil_eelam
World_Tamil_Association liberation_tigers_of_tamil_eelam
World_Tamil_Movement liberation_tigers_of_tamil_eelam
FIG libyan_islamic_fighting_group
Al-Jama'a_al-Islamiyyah_al-Muqatilah_bi-Libya libyan_islamic_fighting_group
Libyan_Fighting_Group libyan_islamic_fighting_group
Libyan_Islamic_Group libyan_islamic_fighting_group
MAK maktab_al-khidmat
MKO mujahidin-e_khalq_organization
MEK mujahidin-e_khalq_organization
People's_Mujahidin_of_Iran mujahidin-e_khalq_organization
ELN national_liberation_army
Nestor_Paz_Zamora_Commission national_liberation_army
CNPZ national_liberation_army
ELN national_liberation_army
FLNC national_liberation_front_of_corsica
NPA new_people's_army
Association_of_Orangemen orange_order
OV orange_group
Palestinian_Islamic_Jihad palestine_islamic_jihad
PIJ palestine_islamic_jihad
Harakat_al-Jihad_al-Islami_al-Filastini palestine_islamic_jihad
PLF palestine_liberation_front
Jabat_al-Tahrir_al-Filistiniyyah palestine_liberation_front
PFLP popular_front_for_the_liberation_of_palestine
PFLP-GC popular_front_for_the_liberation_of_palestine-general_command
PSF popular_struggle_front
PAGAD people_against_gangsterism_and_drugs
Sol_Rojo puka_inti
Red_Sun puka_inti
Salah_al-Din_Battalions qassam_brigades
Iz_Al-Din_Al-Qassam_Battalions qassam_brigades
Real_Irish_Republican_Army real_ira
RIRA real_ira
Dissident_Irish_Republican_Army real_ira
RAF red_army_faction
Brigate_Rosse red_brigades
BR red_brigades
RHD red_hand_defenders
Fuerzas_Armadas_Revolucionarios_de_Colombia revolutionary_armed_forces_of_colombia
FARC revolutionary_armed_forces_of_colombia
17_November revolutionary_organization_17_november
Revolutionary_People's_Liberation_Front revolutionary_people's_liberation_party
ELA revolutionary_people's_struggle
Revolutionary_Proletarian_Initiative_Nuclei revolutionary_proletarian_nucleus
NIPR revolutionary_proletarian_nucleus
RUF revolutionary_united_front
Salafast_Group_for_Call_and_Combat salafist_group
GSPC salafist_group
Sendero_Luminoso shining_path
SL shining_path
Movement_for_Revenge tareekh_e_kasas
Movimiento_Revolucionario_Tupac_Anaru tupac_amaru_revolutionary_movement
MRTA tupac_amaru_revolutionary_movement
EGTK tupac_katari_guerrilla_army
UDA ulster_defence_association
United_Self-Defense_Group_of_Colombia united_self-defense_force_of_colombia
Autodefensas_Unidas_de_Colombia united_self-defense_force_of_colombia
AUC united_self-defense_force_of_colombia
MDI markaz-ud-dawa-wal-irshad
Tammany_Society tammany_hall
Tammany tammany_hall
UTN umma_tameer-e-nau
line_of_defence line_of_defense
line_organisation line_organization
NT national_trust
Commonwealth_of_Nations british_commonwealth
quasi-NGO quango
authorities government
regime government
authoritarian_regime authoritarian_state
royal_court court
Sublime_Porte porte
stratocracy military_government
pontificate papacy
establishment institution
financial_organization financial_institution
financial_organisation financial_institution
common_carrier carrier
empire conglomerate
corp corporation
house firm
business_firm firm
dealership franchise
maker manufacturer
manufacturing_business manufacturer
concern business
business_concern business
business_organization business
business_organisation business
consulting_company consulting_firm
publishing_house publisher
publishing_firm publisher
publishing_company publisher
publishing_empire publishing_conglomerate
paper newspaper
newspaper_publisher newspaper
magazine_publisher magazine
jewelry_store jewelry_dealer
defence defense
defense_force defense
defence_force defense
defence defense
defense_team defense
defense_lawyers defense
armourer armorer
aluminum_industry aluminum_business
garment_industry apparel_industry
fashion_industry apparel_industry
fashion_business apparel_industry
rag_trade apparel_industry
banking_system banking_industry
car_maker car_manufacturer
carmaker car_manufacturer
auto_manufacturer car_manufacturer
auto_maker car_manufacturer
automaker car_manufacturer
housing_industry construction_industry
show_business entertainment_industry
show_biz entertainment_industry
movie_industry film_industry
screenland filmdom
screen filmdom
arms_industry munitions_industry
refining_industry oil_industry
oil_business oil_industry
packaging_concern packaging_company
printing_business printing_concern
printing_company printing_concern
brokerage_firm brokerage
securities_firm brokerage
marriage_mart marriage_brokerage
insurance_firm insurance_company
insurer insurance_company
insurance_underwriter insurance_company
underwriter insurance_company
investment_trust investment_company
investment_firm investment_company
fund investment_company
hedgefund hedge_fund
mutual_fund_company mutual_fund
open-end_fund mutual_fund
open-end_investment_company mutual_fund
closed-end_investment_company closed-end_fund
REIT real_estate_investment_trust
unit_trust unit_investment_trust
securities_industry market
the_Street wall_street
toy_business toy_industry
fraternity brotherhood
sodality brotherhood
takeover_target target_company
administrative_body administrative_unit
household family
house family
home family
menage family
major-league_club major-league_team
minor-league_club minor-league_team
farm_club farm_team
ball_club baseball_club
club baseball_club
nine baseball_club
five basketball_team
eleven football_team
JV junior_varsity
first_team varsity
squad police_squad
offence offense
defence defense
defending_team defense
faith religion
organized_religion religion
Christianity christendom
Christian_church church
Armenian_Apostolic_Orthodox_Church armenian_church
Western_Church roman_catholic
Roman_Catholic_Church roman_catholic
Church_of_Rome roman_catholic
Roman_Church roman_catholic
Cathars albigenses
Cathari albigenses
College_of_Cardinals sacred_college
Byzantine_Church eastern_church
Orthodox_Catholic_Church orthodox_church
Eastern_Orthodox_Church orthodox_church
Eastern_Church orthodox_church
Eastern_Orthodox orthodox_church
Greek_Church greek_orthodox_church
Uniate_Church uniat_church
Protestant protestant_church
Disciples_of_Christ christian_church
Anglican_Communion anglican_church
Church_of_England anglican_church
Protestant_Episcopal_Church episcopal_church
Episcopal_Church_of_Scotland episcopal_church
High_Anglican_Church high_church
Mormon_Church church_of_jesus_christ_of_latter-day_saints
Mormons church_of_jesus_christ_of_latter-day_saints
Baptists baptist_church
Northern_Baptist_Convention american_baptist_convention
General_Baptist arminian_baptist
Particular_Baptist calvinistic_baptist
Dunkers church_of_the_brethren
Dippers church_of_the_brethren
Church_of_Christ_Scientist christian_science
Methodists methodist_church
Wesleyan_Methodists wesleyan_methodist_church
Hebraism judaism
Jewish_religion judaism
Jewish_Orthodoxy orthodox_judaism
Hassidim hasidim
Hasidism hasidim
Chasidim hasidim
Chassidim hasidim
Muslimism islam
Shia shiah
Shiah_Islam shiah
Sunni_Islam sunni
Hindooism hinduism
Brahminism brahmanism
Sivaism shivaism
Saktism shaktism
Vaisnavism vaishnavism
International_Society_for_Krishna_Consciousness hare_krishna
ISKCON hare_krishna
Zen_Buddhism zen
Church_of_Scientology scientology
Kokka kokka_shinto
Shua shuha_shinto
vicarship vicariate
strain breed
stock breed
line lineage
line_of_descent lineage
descent lineage
bloodline lineage
blood_line lineage
blood lineage
pedigree lineage
ancestry lineage
origin lineage
parentage lineage
stemma lineage
stock lineage
family_tree genealogy
race subspecies
variant form
strain form
var. form
civilisation civilization
bar legal_profession
legal_community legal_profession
medical_community medical_profession
business_community businessmen
prelature prelacy
Quai_d'Orsay french_foreign_office
Fighting_French free_french
section department
department_of_anthropology anthropology_department
department_of_biology biology_department
department_of_chemistry chemistry_department
department_of_economics economics_department
department_of_English english_department
department_of_history history_department
department_of_linguistics linguistics_department
department_of_mathematics mathematics_department
department_of_philosophy philosophy_department
department_of_physics physics_department
department_of_music music_department
department_of_psychology psychology_department
department_of_sociology sociology_department
advertising_division advertising_department
city_room city_desk
personnel_office personnel_department
personnel personnel_department
staff_office personnel_department
building_department plant_department
sales_division sales_department
sales_force sales_department
payroll_department payroll
department_of_local_government local_department
department_of_corrections corrections
security_department security
fire_company fire_brigade
federal_office federal_department
department_of_the_federal_government federal_department
AEC atomic_energy_commission
NRC nuclear_regulatory_commission
EPA environmental_protection_agency
FEMA federal_emergency_management_agency
FDA food_and_drug_administration
CDC center_for_disease_control_and_prevention
CIA central_intelligence_agency
CTC counterterrorist_center
NPC nonproliferation_center
ICC interstate_commerce_commission
NASA national_aeronautics_and_space_administration
NARA national_archives_and_records_administration
NLRB national_labor_relations_board
NSF national_science_foundation
US_Postal_Service united_states_postal_service
USPS united_states_postal_service
US_Postal_Inspection_Service united_states_postal_inspection_service
NSC national_security_council
Joint_Chiefs joint_chiefs_of_staff
OMB office_of_management_and_budget
US_Trade_Representative united_states_trade_representative
EXEC white_house
Agriculture_Department department_of_agriculture
Agriculture department_of_agriculture
USDA department_of_agriculture
Commerce_Department department_of_commerce
Commerce department_of_commerce
DoC department_of_commerce
Census_Bureau bureau_of_the_census
NOAA national_oceanic_and_atmospheric_administration
NCDC national_climatic_data_center
NIST national_institute_of_standards_and_technology
NTIS national_technical_information_service
Defense_Department department_of_defense
United_States_Department_of_Defense department_of_defense
Defense department_of_defense
DoD department_of_defense
DARPA defense_advanced_research_projects_agency
LABLINK department_of_defense_laboratory_system
Education_Department department_of_education
Education department_of_education
Energy_Department department_of_energy
Energy department_of_energy
DOE department_of_energy
DOEI department_of_energy_intelligence
Health_and_Human_Services department_of_health_and_human_services
HHS department_of_health_and_human_services
PHS united_states_public_health_service
NIH national_institutes_of_health
FCC federal_communications_commission
SSA social_security_administration
Homeland_Security department_of_homeland_security
Housing_and_Urban_Development department_of_housing_and_urban_development
HUD department_of_housing_and_urban_development
Justice_Department department_of_justice
Justice department_of_justice
DoJ department_of_justice
BJA bureau_of_justice_assistance
BJS bureau_of_justice_statistics
FBI federal_bureau_of_investigation
INS immigration_and_naturalization_service
US_Border_Patrol united_states_border_patrol
FLETC federal_law_enforcement_training_center
FinCEN financial_crimes_enforcement_network
Labor_Department department_of_labor
Labor department_of_labor
DoL department_of_labor
United_States_Department_of_State department_of_state
State_Department department_of_state
State department_of_state
DoS department_of_state
DS bureau_of_diplomatic_security
INR bureau_of_intelligence_and_research
Interior_Department department_of_the_interior
Interior department_of_the_interior
DoI department_of_the_interior
US_Fish_and_Wildlife_Service united_states_fish_and_wildlife_service
FWS united_states_fish_and_wildlife_service
Treasury_Department department_of_the_treasury
Treasury department_of_the_treasury
United_States_Treasury department_of_the_treasury
ATF bureau_of_alcohol_tobacco_and_firearms
OIS office_of_intelligence_support
CID criminal_investigation_command
Drug_Enforcement_Agency drug_enforcement_administration
DEA drug_enforcement_administration
BoP federal_bureau_of_prisons
NIJ national_institute_of_justice
US_Marshals_Service united_states_marshals_service
Marshals united_states_marshals_service
Customs_Bureau bureau_of_customs
Customs_Service bureau_of_customs
USCB bureau_of_customs
IRS internal_revenue_service
IR inland_revenue
Transportation department_of_transportation
DoT department_of_transportation
FAA federal_aviation_agency
VA department_of_veterans_affairs
TSA transportation_security_administration
US_Post_Office united_states_post_office
Post_Office united_states_post_office
PO united_states_post_office
local_post_office post_office
poste_restante general_delivery
GAAP generally_accepted_accounting_principles
NICU neonatal_intensive_care_unit
ICU intensive_care_unit
monastic_order order
order_of_Saint_Benedict benedictine_order
Order_of_Our_Lady_of_Mount_Carmel carmelite_order
Jesuit_order society_of_jesus
religious_sect sect
religious_order sect
Society_of_Friends religious_society_of_friends
Quakers religious_society_of_friends
United_Society_of_Believers_in_Christ's_Second_Appearing shakers
Vaudois waldenses
obi obeah
temporalty laity
royal_family royalty
royal_line royalty
royal_house royalty
Bourbon_dynasty bourbon
Carlovingian_dynasty carolingian_dynasty
Han_dynasty han
House_of_Hanover hanover
Hanoverian_line hanover
Hapsburg habsburg
House_of_Lancaster lancaster
Lancastrian_line lancaster
Liao_dynasty liao
Merovingian_dynasty merovingian
Ming_dynasty ming
Ottoman_dynasty ottoman
Plantagenet_line plantagenet
Ptolemaic_dynasty ptolemy
Qin_dynasty qin
Ch'in qin
Ch'in_dynasty qin
Qing_dynasty qing
Ch'ing qing
Ch'ing_dynasty qing
Manchu qing
Manchu_dynasty qing
Romanoff romanov
Shang_dynasty shang
Sung_dynasty sung
Song sung
Song_dynasty sung
Tang_dynasty tang
House_of_Tudor tudor
Ommiad umayyad
Omayyad umayyad
Wei_dynasty wei
House_of_Windsor windsor
House_of_York york
Yuan_dynasty yuan
Mongol_dynasty yuan
people citizenry
Arcado-Cyprians achaean
U.S._Senate united_states_senate
US_Senate united_states_senate
Senate united_states_senate
United_States_Congress congress
U.S._Congress congress
US_Congress congress
U.S._House_of_Representatives united_states_house_of_representatives
US_House_of_Representatives united_states_house_of_representatives
House_of_Representatives united_states_house_of_representatives
U.S._House united_states_house_of_representatives
US_House united_states_house_of_representatives
GAO government_accounting_office
United_States_Government_Accounting_Office government_accounting_office
British_House_of_Commons house_of_commons
British_House_of_Lords house_of_lords
legislative_assembly legislature
legislative_body legislature
general_assembly legislature
law-makers legislature
governance administration
governing_body administration
establishment administration
brass administration
organization administration
organisation administration
bench judiciary
judicature judiciary
judicatory judiciary
judicial_system judiciary
land nation
country nation
estate estate_of_the_realm
the_three_estates estate_of_the_realm
Lords_Spiritual first_estate
Lords_Temporal second_estate
Commons third_estate
federation_of_tribes tribe
nation state
country state
land state
commonwealth state
res_publica state
body_politic state
Second_Reich hohenzollern_empire
Nazi_Germany third_reich
renegade_state rogue_state
rogue_nation rogue_state
axis bloc
entente_cordiale entente
EU european_union
European_Community european_union
EC european_union
European_Economic_Community european_union
EEC european_union
Common_Market european_union
Europe european_union
SHAPE supreme_headquarters_allied_powers_europe
NATO north_atlantic_treaty_organization
ACLANT allied_command_atlantic
SACLANT supreme_allied_commander_atlantic
ACE allied_command_europe
SACEUR supreme_allied_commander_europe
OPCW organization_for_the_prohibition_of_chemical_weapons
OAS organization_of_american_states
OPEC organization_of_petroleum-exporting_countries
major_power world_power
great_power world_power
power world_power
superpower world_power
city-state city_state
puppet_state puppet_government
pupet_regime puppet_government
poor poor_people
rich rich_people
public populace
world populace
masses multitude
mass multitude
hoi_polloi multitude
people multitude
the_great_unwashed multitude
labour labor
working_class labor
proletariat labor
labor_pool labor_force
underclass lower_class
bourgeoisie middle_class
commonality commonalty
commons commonalty
petite_bourgeoisie petit_bourgeois
petty_bourgeoisie petit_bourgeois
throng multitude
concourse multitude
host horde
legion horde
herd ruck
jam crush
press crush
snarl-up traffic_jam
legion host
horde drove
swarm drove
rabble mob
rout mob
Ltd. limited_company
Ld. limited_company
public_utility utility
public_utility_company utility
public-service_corporation utility
telephone_service telephone_company
phone_company telephone_company
phone_service telephone_company
telco telephone_company
power_service power_company
electric_company power_company
light_company power_company
waterworks water_company
gas_service gas_company
bus_service bus_company
troupe company
repertory_company stock_company
Greek_chorus chorus
chorus_line chorus
consort choir
cornhusking husking_bee
ensemble corps_de_ballet
social_unit unit
regular_army army
ground_forces army
naval_forces navy
US_Navy united_states_navy
USN united_states_navy
Navy united_states_navy
U._S._Coast_Guard united_states_coast_guard
US_Coast_Guard united_states_coast_guard
United_States_Marines united_states_marine_corps
Marine_Corps united_states_marine_corps
US_Marine_Corps united_states_marine_corps
USMC united_states_marine_corps
NAWCWPNS naval_air_warfare_center_weapons_division
NSW naval_special_warfare
NSWC naval_surface_warfare_center
NUWC naval_underwater_warfare_center
US_Naval_Academy united_states_naval_academy
ONI office_of_naval_intelligence
MCIA marine_corps_intelligence_activity
US_Air_Force_Academy united_states_air_force_academy
RAF royal_air_force
German_Luftwaffe luftwaffe
airforce air_force
U._S._Air_Force united_states_air_force
US_Air_Force united_states_air_force
Air_Force united_states_air_force
USAF united_states_air_force
ACC air_combat_command
AFSPC air_force_space_command
ANG air_national_guard
Air_Force_ISR air_force_intelligence_surveillance_and_reconnaissance
AFISR air_force_intelligence_surveillance_and_reconnaissance
armour armor
guerilla_force guerrilla_force
armed_service military_service
service military_service
military_force military_unit
military_group military_unit
force military_unit
armed_forces military
armed_services military
military_machine military
war_machine military
reserve military_reserve
mujahedin mujahidin
mujahedeen mujahidin
mujahadeen mujahidin
mujahadin mujahidin
mujahideen mujahidin
mujahadein mujahidin
paramilitary_force paramilitary
paramilitary_unit paramilitary
paramilitary_organization paramilitary
paramilitary_organisation paramilitary
Saddam's_Martyrs fedayeen_saddam
personnel force
squad team
police_force police
constabulary police
law police
European_Law_Enforcement_Organisation europol
gendarmery gendarmerie
Mutawa mutawa'een
RCMP royal_canadian_mounted_police
Mounties royal_canadian_mounted_police
New_Scotland_Yard scotland_yard
private_security_force security_force
MP military_police
SS schutzstaffel
Sturmabteilung sa
Storm_Troops sa
workforce work_force
manpower work_force
hands work_force
men work_force
army_corps corps
WAC women's_army_corps
ROTC reserve_officers_training_corps
U._S._Army_Special_Forces special_forces
United_States_Army_Special_Forces special_forces
van vanguard
brass brass_section
strings string_section
percussion percussion_section
rhythm_section percussion_section
full_complement complement
day_watch day_shift
graveyard_shift night_shift
company ship's_company
naval_division division
air_division division
TV_audience viewing_audience
viewers viewing_audience
followers following
Umma ummah
Muslim_Ummah ummah
Islamic_Ummah ummah
Islam_Nation ummah
neighbourhood neighborhood
totalitation_regime totalitarian_state
metropolis city
townspeople town
townsfolk town
small_town village
settlement village
crossroads hamlet
social_club club
society club
guild club
gild club
lodge club
order club
fellowship family
atheneum athenaeum
VFW veterans_of_foreign_wars
frat fraternity
hunt_club hunt
boat_club yacht_club
conference league
big_league major_league
majors major_league
minors minor_league
bush_league minor_league
labor_union union
trade_union union
trades_union union
brotherhood union
vertical_union industrial_union
United_Mine_Workers united_mine_workers_of_america
AFL american_federation_of_labor
AFL-CIO american_federation_of_labor_and_congress_of_industrial_organizations
CIO congress_of_industrial_organizations
Masonry freemasonry
National_Volunteers_Association rashtriya_swayamsevak_sangh
International_Association_of_Lions_clubs lions_club
Rotary_International rotary_club
pool consortium
syndicate consortium
corporate_trust trust
combine trust
cartel trust
cast_of_characters cast
dramatis_personae cast
supporting_players ensemble
form class
grade class
course class
year class
discussion_section section
division class
circle set
band set
lot set
coterie clique
ingroup clique
inner_circle clique
pack clique
camp clique
brain_trust kitchen_cabinet
faction cabal
junto cabal
camarilla cabal
junta military_junta
nucleus core
core_group core
crew gang
work_party gang
ground-service_crew ground_crew
pack gang
ring gang
mob gang
gangland organized_crime
gangdom organized_crime
maffia mafia
Maffia mafia
Sicilian_Mafia mafia
Maffia mafia
Cosa_Nostra mafia
crime_syndicate syndicate
mob syndicate
family syndicate
musical_organisation musical_organization
musical_group musical_organization
duette duet
duo duet
quartette quartet
string_quartette string_quartet
quintette quintet
sextette sextet
sestet sextet
septette septet
octette octet
symphony symphony_orchestra
philharmonic symphony_orchestra
military_band concert_band
band dance_band
dance_orchestra dance_band
jazz_group jazz_band
combo jazz_band
rock_band rock_group
confederacy conspiracy
horsey_set horsy_set
sect faction
social_affair social_gathering
shindy shindig
masquerade_party masquerade
masque masquerade
mask masquerade
feast banquet
dinner_party dinner
soiree_musicale musical_soiree
lawn_party garden_party
fete_champetre garden_party
smoker stag_party
social sociable
mixer sociable
wedding_party wedding
political_party party
Know-Nothing_Party american_party
American_Federalist_Party federalist_party
Federal_Party federalist_party
Guomindang kuomintang
labour_party labor_party
Labour_Party british_labour_party
Labour british_labour_party
Labor british_labour_party
Nazi_Party national_socialist_german_workers'_party
Populist_Party people's_party
Bull_Moose_Party progressive_party
GOP republican_party
Dixiecrats states'_rights_democratic_party
political_machine machine
company party
party_to_the_transaction party_to_the_action
professional_organisation professional_organization
tabular_array table
statistical_table actuarial_table
principal_diagonal main_diagonal
unit_matrix identity_matrix
extragalactic_nebula galaxy
spiral_nebula spiral_galaxy
air_crew aircrew
bomber_aircrew bomber_crew
crew crowd
gang crowd
bunch crowd
SWAT_squad swat_team
Special_Weapons_and_Tactics_team swat_team
Special_Weapons_and_Tactics_squad swat_team
flock troop
scout_troop troop
scout_group troop
academe academia
Eight ashcan_school
yeshivah yeshiva
honorary_society academy
Royal_Academy_of_Arts royal_academy
Royal_Society_of_London_for_Improving_Natural_Knowledge royal_society
school_of_dentistry dental_school
grad_school graduate_school
school_of_law law_school
madrasah madrasa
school_of_medicine medical_school
school_of_music music_school
school_of_nursing nursing_school
pesantren pesantran
parochial_school church_school
lyceum secondary_school
lycee secondary_school
Gymnasium secondary_school
middle_school secondary_school
tech technical_school
polytechnic polytechnic_institute
engineering_school polytechnic_institute
vocational_school trade_school
faculty staff
civilization culture
civilisation culture
hunting_and_gathering_society hunting_and_gathering_tribe
hippies flower_people
hipsters flower_people
Aegean_civilisation aegean_civilization
Aegean_culture aegean_civilization
Helladic_civilisation helladic_civilization
Helladic_culture helladic_civilization
Minoan_civilisation minoan_civilization
Minoan_culture minoan_civilization
Cycladic_civilisation cycladic_civilization
Cycladic_culture cycladic_civilization
Cyclades cycladic_civilization
Mycenaean_civilisation mycenaean_civilization
Mycenaean_culture mycenaean_civilization
Paleo-Amerind_culture paleo-american_culture
Paleo-Indian_culture paleo-american_culture
Western_civilization western_culture
Rastas rastafari
Invincible_Armada spanish_armada
coalition alliance
alignment alliance
alinement alliance
nonalinement nonalignment
world_organisation world_organization
international_organization world_organization
international_organisation world_organization
global_organization world_organization
CIS commonwealth_of_independent_states
UN united_nations
SC security_council
TC trusteeship_council
ECOSOC economic_and_social_council
ECOSOC_commission economic_and_social_council_commission
World_Court international_court_of_justice
UN_agency united_nations_agency
United_Nations_International_Children's_Emergency_Fund united_nations_children's_fund
UNICEF united_nations_children's_fund
Food_and_Agriculture_Organization_of_the_United_Nations food_and_agriculture_organization
FAO food_and_agriculture_organization
GATT general_agreement_on_tariffs_and_trade
IAEA international_atomic_energy_agency
World_Bank international_bank_for_reconstruction_and_development
IBRD international_bank_for_reconstruction_and_development
ICAO international_civil_aviation_organization
IDA international_development_association
IFC international_finance_corporation
International_Labour_Organization international_labor_organization
ILO international_labor_organization
IMO international_maritime_organization
IMF international_monetary_fund
UNESCO united_nations_educational_scientific_and_cultural_organization
DCCP united_nations_office_for_drug_control_and_crime_prevention
Centre_for_International_Crime_Prevention united_nations_crime_prevention_and_criminal_justice
WHO world_health_organization
WMO world_meteorological_organization
sterling_bloc sterling_area
scheduled_territories sterling_area
confederacy confederation
federation confederation
League_of_Iroquois iroquois_league
Five_Nations iroquois_league
Six_Nations iroquois_league
brahmin brahman
shudra sudra
group_meeting meeting
committee_meeting board_meeting
CORE congress_of_racial_equality
get_together meeting
NAC north_atlantic_council
panchayet panchayat
punchayet panchayat
diwan divan
summit_meeting summit
First_Council_of_Nicaea nicaea
First_Council_of_Constantinople constantinople
Council_of_Ephesus ephesus
Council_of_Chalcedon chalcedon
Second_Council_of_Constantinople constantinople
Third_Council_of_Constantinople constantinople
Second_Council_of_Nicaea nicaea
Fourth_Council_of_Constantinople constantinople
First_Council_of_Lyons lyons
Second_Council_of_Lyons lyons
Council_of_Vienne vienne
Council_of_Constance constance
Vatican_I first_vatican_council
Vatican_II second_vatican_council
Dail dail_eireann
Knesseth knesset
Seanad seanad_eireann
PLO palestine_liberation_organization
Palestinian_National_Authority palestine_national_authority
Palestine_Authority palestine_national_authority
blue_ribbon_committee blue_ribbon_commission
appeals_board appeal_board
board_of_appeals appeal_board
secretariate secretariat
commission committee
citizens_committee committee
ethics_panel ethics_committee
PAC political_action_committee
praesidium presidium
royal_court court
tribunal court
judicature court
appeals_court appellate_court
court_of_appeals appellate_court
court_of_assize assizes
court_of_assize_and_nisi_prius assizes
court_of_chancery chancery
domestic_relations_court family_court
court_of_domestic_relations family_court
F.I.S.C. foreign_intelligence_surveillance_court
lower_court inferior_court
Congregation_of_the_Inquisition roman_inquisition
Supreme_Court_of_the_United_States supreme_court
United_States_Supreme_Court supreme_court
state_supreme_court supreme_court
high_court supreme_court
repertory repertoire
repertoire repertory
federal_agency agency
government_agency agency
bureau agency
office agency
authority agency
intelligence_service intelligence
intelligence_agency intelligence
military_intelligence_agency military_intelligence
National_Intelligence_Community intelligence_community
United_States_Intelligence_Community intelligence_community
IC intelligence_community
ARDA advanced_research_and_development_activity
DIA defense_intelligence_agency
DRMS defense_reutilization_and_marketing_service
DTIC defense_technical_information_center
CSIS canadian_security_intelligence_service
CIM central_intelligence_machinery
CSE communications_security_establishment
CISC criminal_intelligence_services_of_canada
DoJC department_of_justice_canada
Inter-Services_Intelligence directorate_for_inter-services_intelligence
ISI directorate_for_inter-services_intelligence
Sluzhba_Vneshney_Razvedki foreign_intelligence_service
SVR foreign_intelligence_service
ISN international_relations_and_security_network
IIS iraqi_intelligence_service
Iraqi_Mukhabarat iraqi_intelligence_service
IDF israeli_defense_force
Sayeret_Mat'kal sayeret_matkal
sayeret sayeret_matkal
SAS special_air_service
MI secret_intelligence_service
Military_Intelligence_Section_6 secret_intelligence_service
SIRC security_intelligence_review_committee
MI security_service
Military_Intelligence_Section_5 security_service
General_Security_Services shin_bet
NRO national_reconnaissance_office
NSA national_security_agency
US_Secret_Service united_states_secret_service
USSS united_states_secret_service
Secret_Service united_states_secret_service
SS united_states_secret_service
OSHA occupational_safety_and_health_administration
Patent_Office patent_and_trademark_office_database
Federal_Reserve federal_reserve_system
Fed federal_reserve_system
FRS federal_reserve_system
reserve_bank federal_reserve_bank
FTC federal_trade_commission
OIG office_of_inspector_general
GSA general_services_administration
FPS federal_protective_service
office_staff office
maintenance_staff service_staff
SBA small_business_administration
regulatory_authority regulatory_agency
Selective_Service_System selective_service
SSS selective_service
ad_agency advertising_agency
employment_office employment_agency
placement_center placement_office
commercial_agency mercantile_agency
press_agency news_agency
wire_service news_agency
press_association news_agency
news_organization news_agency
news_organisation news_agency
service_bureau service_agency
service_firm service_agency
United_States united_states_government
U.S._government united_states_government
US_Government united_states_government
U.S. united_states_government
Executive_Office_of_the_President executive_branch
US_Government_Printing_Office united_states_government_printing_office
Government_Printing_Office united_states_government_printing_office
GPO united_states_government_printing_office
Washington capital
diplomatic_corps diplomatic_service
corps_diplomatique diplomatic_service
officialdom government_officials
mass_meeting rally
cadre cell
radical_cell terrorist_cell
Trojan_horse fifth_column
political_entity political_unit
resistance underground
autarchy autocracy
republic democracy
commonwealth democracy
dyarchy diarchy
gynarchy gynecocracy
ochlocracy mobocracy
capitalist_economy capitalism
free_enterprise market_economy
private_enterprise market_economy
laissez-faire_economy market_economy
socialist_economy socialism
Naziism nazism
national_socialism nazism
economic_system economy
mercantile_system mercantilism
form_of_government political_system
collectivism bolshevism
sovietism bolshevism
posterity descendants
contemporaries coevals
generation coevals
beats beat_generation
beatniks beat_generation
bikers rockers
bootboys skinheads
baby-boom_generation baby_boom
gen_X generation_x
folk tribe
tableau_vivant tableau
Twelve_Tribes_of_Israel tribes_of_israel
settlement colony
outpost frontier_settlement
pressure_group lobby
third_house lobby
NRA national_rifle_association
power_structure hierarchy
pecking_order hierarchy
concatenation chain
line course
electromotive_force_series electromotive_series
electrochemical_series electromotive_series
social_organisation social_organization
social_structure social_organization
social_system social_organization
structure social_organization
sex_segregation purdah
ulama ulema
separatism segregation
board_of_directors directorate
leaders leadership
planning_board advisory_board
US_Cabinet united_states_cabinet
close_corporation closed_corporation
private_corporation closed_corporation
privately_held_corporation closed_corporation
shell_entity shell_corporation
FDIC federal_deposit_insurance_corporation
Freddie_Mac federal_home_loan_mortgage_corporation
FHLMC federal_home_loan_mortgage_corporation
Fannie_Mae federal_national_mortgage_association
FNMA federal_national_mortgage_association
appointment date
engagement date
rendezvous tryst
lunch_meeting luncheon_meeting
revival_meeting revival
upper_crust upper_class
elite_group elite
elect chosen
pick cream
aristocracy gentry
clerisy intelligentsia
squirearchy landed_gentry
people_in_power ruling_class
high_society society
beau_monde society
smart_set society
bon_ton society
aristocracy nobility
baronage peerage
artillery_unit artillery
foot infantry
reserves militia
territorial_reserve territorial
home_reserve national_guard
NGB national_guard_bureau
terrorist_group terrorist_organization
foreign_terrorist_organization terrorist_organization
FTO terrorist_organization
Army_of_the_Confederacy confederate_army
US_Army united_states_army
U._S._Army united_states_army
Army united_states_army
USA united_states_army
US_Military_Academy united_states_military_academy
AI army_intelligence
BMDO ballistic_missile_defense_organization
DISA defense_information_systems_agency
NGA national_geospatial-intelligence_agency
CCRC casualty_care_research_center
ARNG army_national_guard
soldiery military_personnel
troops military_personnel
horse_cavalry cavalry
horse cavalry
rank rank_and_file
witches'_Sabbath sabbat
mixture assortment
mixed_bag assortment
miscellany assortment
miscellanea assortment
variety assortment
salmagundi assortment
smorgasbord assortment
potpourri assortment
motley assortment
witches'_broth witches'_brew
witch's_brew witches'_brew
oddments odds_and_ends
melange odds_and_ends
farrago odds_and_ends
ragbag odds_and_ends
mishmash odds_and_ends
mingle-mangle odds_and_ends
hodgepodge odds_and_ends
hotchpotch odds_and_ends
gallimaufry odds_and_ends
omnium-gatherum odds_and_ends
clutch batch
schmear schmeer
shmear schmeer
rank membership
subdivision branch
arm branch
patronage clientele
business clientele
riffraff rabble
ragtag rabble
ragtag_and_bobtail rabble
scum trash
commission deputation
delegation deputation
delegacy deputation
mission deputation
foreign_mission legation
missionary_post mission
missionary_station mission
foreign_mission mission
vocation occupational_group
INC iraqi_national_congress
detail contingent
supreme_headquarters high_command
posse_comitatus posse
rogue's_gallery galere
sistership sisterhood
exposition exhibition
expo exhibition
raree-show peepshow
bookfair book_fair
working_party working_group
senior_high senior_high_school
high senior_high_school
highschool senior_high_school
high_school senior_high_school
junior_high junior_high_school
prep_school preparatory_school
schola_cantorum choir_school
play_group playschool
Sabbath_school sunday_school
teachers_college normal_school
grammar_school grade_school
elementary_school grade_school
primary_school grade_school
composite_school comprehensive_school
board_of_education school_board
venire panel
panel jury
petty_jury petit_jury
blue_ribbon_jury special_jury
left_wing left
right_wing right
sitting seance
session seance
congeries aggregate
conglomeration aggregate
full_service_bank commercial_bank
agent_bank lead_bank
acquirer merchant_bank
bank depository_financial_institution
banking_concern depository_financial_institution
banking_company depository_financial_institution
small_loan_company consumer_finance_company
industrial_loan_company industrial_bank
commercial_credit_company commercial_finance_company
FCS farm_credit_system
savings_and_loan_association savings_and_loan
FHA federal_housing_administration
child_welfare_service child_welfare_agency
SEC securities_and_exchange_commission
trust_corporation trust_company
MSB mutual_savings_bank
FSB federal_savings_bank
firing_party firing_squad
foot_traffic pedestrian_traffic
vehicle_traffic vehicular_traffic
car_traffic automobile_traffic
sick_parade sick_call
train caravan
wagon_train caravan
callathump callithump
callithump_parade callithump
single_file file
Indian_file file
retinue cortege
suite cortege
entourage cortege
recessional recession
waiting_line queue
bread_line breadline
air_power aviation
web network
scheme system
trade craft
flora vegetation
botany vegetation
brushwood brush
coppice brush
copse brush
thicket brush
chaparral scrub
bush scrub
wood forest
woods forest
rainforest rain_forest
selva tropical_rain_forest
undergrowth underbrush
underwood underbrush
absolutism dictatorship
authoritarianism dictatorship
Caesarism dictatorship
despotism dictatorship
monocracy dictatorship
one-man_rule dictatorship
shogunate dictatorship
Stalinism dictatorship
totalitarianism dictatorship
tyranny dictatorship
jurisprudence law
ecclesiastical_law canon_law
case_law common_law
precedent common_law
law_of_nations international_law
marine_law maritime_law
admiralty_law maritime_law
commercial_law mercantile_law
law_merchant mercantile_law
Law_of_Moses mosaic_law
shariah_law shariah
sharia shariah
sharia_law shariah
Islamic_law shariah
hudood hudud
bureaucratism bureaucracy
order ordering
ordination ordering
patterned_advance progression
blizzard rash
train string
run streak
flow stream
current stream
information data
post mail
troponomy troponymy
social_movement movement
front movement
art_deco deco
vanguard avant-garde
van avant-garde
new_wave avant-garde
dadaism dada
art_movement artistic_movement
romantic_realism hudson_river_school
minimal_art minimalism
reductivism minimalism
realism naturalism
Nouvelle_Vague new_wave
sezession secession
oecumenism ecumenism
Age_of_Reason enlightenment
trade_union_movement labor_movement
labor labor_movement
IWW industrial_workers_of_the_world
I.W.W. industrial_workers_of_the_world
trade_unionism unionism
Lubavitch_movement lubavitch
Chabad-Lubavitch lubavitch
Chabad lubavitch
Protestant_Reformation reformation
Taleban taliban
United_Front northern_alliance
unemployed unemployed_people
woman womanhood
fair_sex womanhood
jungle hobo_camp
public_mover mover
moving_company mover
removal_firm mover
removal_company mover
think_factory think_tank
Zionist_movement zionism
Zhou_dynasty zhou
Chou zhou
Chou_dynasty zhou
Chow zhou
Chow_dynasty zhou
enrollment registration
gray grey
wing flank
Arab-Berbers berbers
Israelites hebrews
Ovimbundu mbundu
Pashtun pathan
Tadzhik tajik
KGB committee_for_state_security
Soviet_KGB committee_for_state_security
FSB federal_security_bureau
Federal_Security_Service federal_security_bureau
Magi wise_men
WTO world_trade_organization
AARP association_for_the_advancement_of_retired_persons
ASEAN association_of_southeast_asian_nations
Abkhas abkhaz
Inka inca
Kechua quechua
home base
magnetic_equator aclinic_line
isogonal_line isogonic_line
isogone isogonic_line
PO_box_number post-office_box_number
PO_Box_No post-office_box_number
box_number post-office_box_number
administrative_division administrative_district
territorial_division administrative_district
aery aerie
eyrie aerie
eyry aerie
flight_path air_lane
airway air_lane
skyway air_lane
approach_pattern traffic_pattern
pattern traffic_pattern
soil territory
Andalucia andalusia
approach approach_path
glide_path approach_path
glide_slope approach_path
ambience ambiance
funfair amusement_park
pleasure_ground amusement_park
Antarctic_Zone antarctic
South_Frigid_Zone antarctic
Terre_Adelie adelie_land
Adelie_Coast adelie_land
solar_apex apex
apex_of_the_sun's_way apex
point_of_apoapsis apoapsis
apolune aposelene
Arctic_Zone arctic
North_Frigid_Zone arctic
country area
air atmosphere
bed-ground bed_ground
bedground bed_ground
dependency colony
space outer_space
back_country backwoods
boondocks backwoods
hinterland backwoods
Badlands bad_lands
waste barren
wasteland barren
heathland heath
battleground battlefield
field_of_battle battlefield
field_of_honor battlefield
field battlefield
round beat
origin beginning
root beginning
rootage beginning
source beginning
headspring fountainhead
head fountainhead
wellspring wellhead
point_of_departure jumping-off_place
homeland fatherland
motherland fatherland
mother_country fatherland
country_of_origin fatherland
native_land fatherland
place_of_birth birthplace
cradle birthplace
place_of_origin birthplace
provenance birthplace
provenience birthplace
face side
underside bottom
undersurface bottom
bound boundary
bounds boundary
border boundary_line
borderline boundary_line
delimitation boundary_line
mete boundary_line
bourne bourn
border_district borderland
march borderland
marchland borderland
property place
centre center
nerve_centre nerve_center
circuit circumference
state_boundary state_line
Mason_and_Dixon_line mason-dixon_line
Mason_and_Dixon's_line mason-dixon_line
baulk balk
baulk-line balkline
string_line balkline
buffer_country buffer_state
bull bull's_eye
taxistand cabstand
taxi_rank cabstand
campground campsite
camping_site campsite
camping_ground campsite
bivouac campsite
encampment campsite
camping_area campsite
basin river_basin
watershed river_basin
drainage_basin river_basin
catchment_area river_basin
catchment_basin river_basin
drainage_area river_basin
Caucasus caucasia
equinoctial_circle celestial_equator
equinoctial_line celestial_equator
equinoctial celestial_equator
equinox equinoctial_point
sphere celestial_sphere
empyrean celestial_sphere
firmament celestial_sphere
heavens celestial_sphere
vault_of_heaven celestial_sphere
welkin celestial_sphere
graveyard cemetery
burial_site cemetery
burial_ground cemetery
burying_ground cemetery
memorial_park cemetery
necropolis cemetery
centre center
midpoint center
centre_of_buoyancy center_of_buoyancy
center_of_immersion center_of_buoyancy
centre_of_immersion center_of_buoyancy
centre_of_gravity center_of_gravity
centre_of_flotation center_of_flotation
centre_of_mass center_of_mass
crinion trichion
centre center
middle center
heart center
eye center
centre_stage center_stage
city_centre city_center
central_city city_center
navel_point navel
storm_centre storm_center
metropolis city
urban_center city
election_district voting_precinct
polling_station polling_place
downtown business_district
purlieu environs
urban_sprawl conurbation
sprawl conurbation
city_limits city_limit
glade clearing
geographical_zone zone
common_land commons
meeting confluence
municipal_center civic_center
down_town civic_center
corn_cob corncob
corn_field cornfield
state country
land country
county_courthouse county_seat
shire_town county_town
timberline timber_line
tree_line timber_line
public_housing housing_project
excavation dig
archeological_site dig
bishopric diocese
episcopate diocese
exarchate eparchy
theatre_of_war theater_of_war
field_of_operations field
theater field
theater_of_operations field
theatre field
theatre_of_operations field
territory district
territorial_dominion district
dominion district
residential_area residential_district
community residential_district
retirement_complex retirement_community
suburbia suburb
suburban_area suburb
air_space airspace
crawl_space crawlspace
disc_space disk_space
overhead disk_overhead
swap_file swap_space
demesne domain
land domain
dukedom duchy
imperium empire
realm kingdom
princedom principality
sheikhdom sheikdom
abode residence
legal_residence domicile
place home
home_from_home home_away_from_home
garbage_dump dump
trash_dump dump
rubbish_dump dump
wasteyard dump
waste-yard dump
dumpsite dump
midden eitchen_midden
kitchen_midden eitchen_midden
earreach earshot
hearing earshot
eyeshot view
orient eastern_hemisphere
Orient east
eastern_United_States east
southeastern_United_States southeast
southwestern_United_States southwest
northeastern_United_States northeast
northwestern_United_States northwest
middle_west midwest
midwestern_United_States midwest
paradise eden
nirvana eden
heaven eden
promised_land eden
Shangri-la eden
border edge
terminal end
endpoint end_point
termination end_point
terminus end_point
environs environment
surroundings environment
surround environment
destination finish
goal finish
scene setting
extreme extreme_point
extremum extreme_point
farming_area farmland
meadow hayfield
athletic_field playing_field
playing_area playing_field
field playing_field
finish_line finishing_line
fireguard firebreak
head forefront
polar_zone frigid_zone
polar_region frigid_zone
front_end front
forepart front
front battlefront
front_line battlefront
junk_heap garbage_heap
rubbish_heap garbage_heap
scrapheap garbage_heap
trash_heap garbage_heap
junk_pile garbage_heap
trash_pile garbage_heap
refuse_heap garbage_heap
toxic_waste_site toxic_waste_dump
toxic_dumpsite toxic_waste_dump
geographic_area geographical_area
geographical_region geographical_area
geographic_region geographical_area
epicentre epicenter
benthic_division benthos
benthonic_zone benthos
geographical_point geographic_point
grain_field grainfield
putting_green green
putting_surface green
greenway greenbelt
home_ground habitat
half-staff half-mast
hangout haunt
resort haunt
repair haunt
stamping_ground haunt
fireside hearth
D_region d-layer
F_layer appleton_layer
F_region appleton_layer
Kennelly-Heaviside_layer heaviside_layer
E_layer heaviside_layer
E_region heaviside_layer
hell_on_earth hell
hellhole hell
snake_pit hell
the_pits hell
inferno hell
hideaway hideout
den hideout
heights high
brow hilltop
sanctum holy_place
holy holy_place
trailhead trail_head
home_territory home_range
apparent_horizon horizon
visible_horizon horizon
sensible_horizon horizon
skyline horizon
celestial_horizon horizon
hotspot hot_spot
hotspot hot_spot
reserve reservation
interior inside
interior inside
thick midst
irridenta irredenta
isoclinal isoclinic_line
isopleth isogram
isarithm isogram
paint key
den lair
lee_side lee
leeward lee
demarcation limit
demarcation_line limit
line_of_vision line_of_sight
line_of_latitude latitude
parallel_of_latitude latitude
parallel latitude
litoral littoral
littoral_zone littoral
sands littoral
loading_area loading_zone
Plimsoll_line load_line
Plimsoll_mark load_line
Plimsoll load_line
observation_post lookout
Mahgrib maghreb
mandatory mandate
line_of_longitude meridian
date_line dateline
International_Date_Line dateline
weather_station meteorological_observation_post
Wrangell-St._Elias_National_Park wrangell-st
celestial_orbit orbit
electron_orbit orbit
lineation outline
paper_round paper_route
exterior outside
exterior outside
out-of-doors outdoors
open_air outdoors
open outdoors
outpost outstation
paddy_field paddy
rice_paddy paddy
parkland park
commons park
common park
green park
car_park parking_lot
park parking_lot
parking_area parking_lot
parking_zone parking_space
pastureland pasture
grazing_land pasture
lea pasture
ley pasture
route path
itinerary path
supply_route supply_line
flyway migration_route
crown peak
crest peak
top peak
tip peak
summit peak
point_of_periapsis periapsis
perilune periselene
picnic_ground picnic_area
square public_square
place plaza
piazza plaza
celestial_pole pole
place position
position military_position
situation site
station post
right_stage stage_right
left_stage stage_left
rear back
associated_state protectorate
quarter-circle quadrant
casbah kasbah
reach range
backside rear
back_end rear
part region
rifle_shot rifle_range
unknown_region unknown
terra_incognita unknown
clear open
rhumb rhumb_line
loxodrome rhumb_line
celestial_latitude declination
dec declination
RA right_ascension
celestial_longitude right_ascension
transshipment_center entrepot
point_of_entry port_of_entry
haven seaport
harbor seaport
harbour seaport
free_zone free_port
anchorage_ground anchorage
moorage mooring
berth mooring
slip mooring
roadstead roads
resort_hotel resort
holiday_resort resort
playground resort_area
vacation_spot resort_area
locality vicinity
neighborhood vicinity
neighbourhood vicinity
neck_of_the_woods vicinity
city_block block
front presence
refuge safety
harbourage harborage
rural_area country
sanctum_sanctorum sanctum
savannah savanna
dark darkness
shadow darkness
God's_acre churchyard
place seat
plane_section section
line_of_scrimmage scrimmage_line
baseline service_line
out_of_bounds sideline
land_site site
slum_area slum
vacuity vacuum
sphere_of_influence sphere
starting_line start
scratch start
scratch_line start
province state
way_station stopover
substratum substrate
superstratum superstrate
A_horizon a-horizon
B_horizon b-horizon
C_horizon c-horizon
bed seam
substratum substrate
target_area target
teeing_ground tee
toxic_waste_area toxic_site
Superfund_site toxic_site
laboratory testing_ground
top_side top
upper_side top
upside top
place topographic_point
spot topographic_point
puddle pool
tropical_zone torrid_zone
tropics torrid_zone
cowtown cow_town
town township
hamlet village
campong kampong
piece_of_land tract
piece_of_ground tract
parcel_of_land tract
parcel tract
semitropics subtropics
plot_of_land plot
plot_of_ground plot
patch plot
trusteeship trust_territory
populated_area urban_area
building_site vacant_lot
viewpoint vantage_point
veldt veld
locale venue
locus venue
peak vertex
apex vertex
acme vertex
rabbit_warren warren
watering_hole watering_place
spa watering_place
water_line waterline
water_level waterline
watermark water_line
water_parting watershed
divide watershed
way direction
heading bearing
aim bearing
trend course
trend tendency
wavefront wave_front
occident western_hemisphere
New_World western_hemisphere
Occident west
western_United_States west
wheat_field wheatfield
wild wilderness
star_sign sign_of_the_zodiac
sign sign_of_the_zodiac
mansion sign_of_the_zodiac
house sign_of_the_zodiac
planetary_house sign_of_the_zodiac
Aries_the_Ram aries
Ram aries
Taurus_the_Bull taurus
Bull taurus
Gemini_the_Twins gemini
Twins gemini
Cancer_the_Crab cancer
Crab cancer
Leo_the_Lion leo
Lion leo
Virgo_the_Virgin virgo
Virgin virgo
Libra_the_Balance libra
Balance libra
Libra_the_Scales libra
Scorpio_the_Scorpion scorpio
Scorpion scorpio
Sagittarius_the_Archer sagittarius
Archer sagittarius
Capricorn_the_Goat capricorn
Goat capricorn
Aquarius_the_Water_Bearer aquarius
Water_Bearer aquarius
Pisces_the_Fishes pisces
Fish pisces
buffer buffer_zone
combat_area combat_zone
foothold bridgehead
tenderloin combat_zone
DMZ demilitarized_zone
dropping_zone drop_zone
killing_zone kill_zone
fringe outskirt
European_nation european_country
Scandinavian_nation scandinavian_country
Balkan_nation balkan_country
Balkan_state balkan_country
African_nation african_country
Republic_of_Namibia namibia
South_West_Africa namibia
Asian_nation asian_country
Anatolia asia_minor
South_American_nation south_american_country
North_American_nation north_american_country
Central_American_nation central_american_country
Islamic_State_of_Afghanistan afghanistan
capital_of_Afghanistan kabul
Qandahar kandahar
Republic_of_Albania albania
Albanian_capital tirana
Durazzo durres
Algerie algeria
Democratic_and_Popular_Republic_of_Algeria algeria
Algerian_capital algiers
Hippo_Regius hippo
Republic_of_Angola angola
Angolan_capital luanda
Nova_Lisboa huambo
St._John's st
Saint_John's st
capital_of_Antigua_and_Barbuda st
Bermudas bermuda
Argentine_Republic argentina
capital_of_Argentina buenos_aires
Cordova cordoba
Balkans balkan_peninsula
Republic_of_Bulgaria bulgaria
Serdica sofia
Bulgarian_capital sofia
Tolbukhin dobrich
Philippopolis plovdiv
Union_of_Burma myanmar
Burma myanmar
Rangoon yangon
Mawlamyine moulmein
Republic_of_Burundi burundi
Usumbura bujumbura
capital_of_Burundi bujumbura
Kingdom_of_Cambodia cambodia
Kampuchea cambodia
Pnom_Penh phnom_penh
Cambodian_capital phnom_penh
Republic_of_Cameroon cameroon
Cameroun cameroon
capital_of_Cameroon yaounde
Republic_of_Cape_Verde cape_verde
Cidade_de_Praia praia
capital_of_Cape_Verde praia
Central_Africa central_african_republic
capital_of_Central_Africa bangui
Democratic_Socialist_Republic_of_Sri_Lanka sri_lanka
Ceylon sri_lanka
capital_of_Sri_Lanka colombo
Tamil_Eelam eelam
Republic_of_Chad chad
Tchad chad
Ndjamena n'djamena
Fort-Lamy n'djamena
capital_of_Chad n'djamena
Republic_of_Chile chile
Santiago gran_santiago
Santiago_de_Chile gran_santiago
capital_of_Chile gran_santiago
People's_Republic_of_China china
mainland_China china
Communist_China china
Red_China china
PRC china
Cathay china
Turkestan turkistan
Peking beijing
Peiping beijing
capital_of_Red_China beijing
Chungking chongqing
Kwangtung guangdong
Guangdong_province guangdong
Kuangchou guangzhou
Kwangchow guangzhou
Canton guangzhou
Kansu gansu
Gansu_province gansu
Hopei hebei
Hopeh hebei
Hebei_province hebei
Hunan_province hunan
Sichuan szechwan
Szechuan szechwan
Szechwan_province szechwan
Yunnan_province yunnan
Lanchou lanzhou
Lanchow lanzhou
Luta luda
Talien dalian
Dairen dalian
Loyang luoyang
Port_Arthur lushun
Hangchow hangzhou
Nan-chang nanchang
Nan-ning nanning
Nanking nanjing
Mukden shenyang
Moukden shenyang
Fengtien shenyang
Tientsin tianjin
T'ien-ching tianjin
Sian xian
Singan xian
Changan xian
Hsian xian
Sinkiang xinjiang
Xinjiang_Uighur_Autonomous_Region xinjiang
Nei_Monggol inner_mongolia
Formosa taiwan
China taiwan
Nationalist_China taiwan
Republic_of_China taiwan
Taipeh taipei
capital_of_Taiwan taipei
Macau macao
Indochinese_peninsula indochina
Republic_of_Colombia colombia
capital_of_Colombia bogota
Iles_Comores comoro_islands
Federal_Islamic_Republic_of_the_Comoros comoros
Republic_of_the_Congo congo
French_Congo congo
Democratic_Republic_of_the_Congo congo
Zaire congo
Belgian_Congo congo
Luluabourg kananga
Leopoldville kinshasa
Elisabethville lubumbashi
Republic_of_Costa_Rica costa_rica
capital_of_Costa_Rica san_jose
Cote_d'Ivoire ivory_coast
Republic_of_Cote_d'Ivoire ivory_coast
Republic_of_Guatemala guatemala
capital_of_Guatemala guatemala_city
British_Honduras belize
Republic_of_Honduras honduras
Honduran_capital tegucigalpa
Republic_of_El_Salvador el_salvador
Salvador el_salvador
Salvadoran_capital san_salvador
Republic_of_Nicaragua nicaragua
capital_of_Nicaragua managua
Nicaraguan_capital managua
Republic_of_Panama panama
capital_of_Panama panama_city
Panamanian_capital panama_city
Aspinwall colon
Canal_Zone panama_canal_zone
Yucatan_Peninsula yucatan
United_Mexican_States mexico
Acapulco_de_Juarez acapulco
Juarez ciudad_juarez
Victoria_de_Durango durango
Ciudad_de_Mexico mexico_city
Mexican_capital mexico_city
capital_of_Mexico mexico_city
Oaxaca_de_Juarez oaxaca
Puebla_de_Zaragoza puebla
Heroica_Puebla_de_Zaragoza puebla
Villa_Hermosa villahermosa
the_Indies west_indies
Caribees lesser_antilles
St._Eustatius saint_eustatius
St._Martin saint_martin
Saint_Maarten saint_martin
St._Maarten saint_martin
Windward_Isles windward_islands
Republic_of_Cuba cuba
capital_of_Cuba havana
Cuban_capital havana
Santiago santiago_de_cuba
Haiti hispaniola
Hayti hispaniola
Republic_of_Haiti haiti
Haitian_capital port-au-prince
Ciudad_Trujillo santo_domingo
capital_of_the_Dominican_Republic santo_domingo
Santiago santiago_de_los_caballeros
Porto_Rico puerto_rico
Porto_Rico puerto_rico
Commonwealth_of_Puerto_Rico puerto_rico
PR puerto_rico
capital_of_Jamaica kingston
Jamaican_capital kingston
American_Virgin_Islands united_states_virgin_islands
VI united_states_virgin_islands
capital_of_Barbados bridgetown
Republic_of_Trinidad_and_Tobago trinidad_and_tobago
Port-of-Spain port_of_spain
capital_of_Trinidad_and_Tobago port_of_spain
Republic_of_Cyprus cyprus
capital_of_Cyprus nicosia
Plzen pilsen
Praha prague
Prag prague
Czech_capital prague
Brunn brno
Slovak_Republic slovakia
capital_of_Slovakia bratislava
Pressburg bratislava
Pozsony bratislava
Republic_of_Benin benin
Dahomey benin
capital_of_Benin porto_novo
Togolese_Republic togo
capital_of_Togo lome
Scandinavian_Peninsula scandinavia
Jylland jutland
Kingdom_of_Denmark denmark
Danmark denmark
Seeland zealand
Sjaelland zealand
Kobenhavn copenhagen
Danish_capital copenhagen
Aarhus arhus
Alborg aalborg
Republic_of_Djibouti djibouti
Afars_and_Issas djibouti
capital_of_Djibouti djibouti
Commonwealth_of_Dominica dominica
Republic_of_Equatorial_Guinea equatorial_guinea
Spanish_Guinea equatorial_guinea
Kingdom_of_Norway norway
Norge norway
Noreg norway
Spitzbergen spitsbergen
Christiania oslo
capital_of_Norway oslo
Nidaros trondheim
Naze lindesnes
Kingdom_of_Sweden sweden
Sverige sweden
capital_of_Sweden stockholm
Goeteborg goteborg
Gothenburg goteborg
Upsala uppsala
Federal_Republic_of_Germany germany
Deutschland germany
FRG germany
German_Democratic_Republic east_germany
Federal_Republic_of_Germany west_germany
Sachsen saxony
Saxe saxony
Aken aachen
Aix-la-Chapelle aachen
German_capital berlin
Karl-Marx-Stadt chemnitz
Hamelin hameln
Koln cologne
Brunswick braunschweig
Frankfurt frankfurt_on_the_main
Frankfort frankfurt_on_the_main
Halle-an-der-Saale halle
Hanover hannover
Muenchen munich
Nurnberg nuremberg
Wuerzburg wurzburg
Rheinland rhineland
Pfalz palatinate
Preussen prussia
Ruhr_Valley ruhr
Republic_of_Ecuador ecuador
capital_of_Ecuador quito
Galapagos galapagos_islands
State_of_Eritrea eritrea
Asmera asmara
Federal_Democratic_Republic_of_Ethiopia ethiopia
Yaltopya ethiopia
Abyssinia ethiopia
New_Flower addis_ababa
capital_of_Ethiopia addis_ababa
Fijis fiji_islands
Republic_of_Fiji fiji
Republic_of_Finland finland
Suomi finland
Helsingfors helsinki
capital_of_Finland helsinki
Finnish_capital helsinki
Tammerfors tampere
Aaland_islands aland_islands
Ahvenanmaa aland_islands
Maarianhamina mariehamn
Hellenic_Republic greece
Ellas greece
Aigina aegina
Khios chios
Kikladhes cyclades
Dhodhekanisos dodecanese
Lesvos lesbos
Mytilene lesbos
Rodhos rhodes
Aeolia aeolis
Kriti crete
Cnossos knossos
Cnossus knossos
Ithaki ithaca
Aegadean_Isles egadi_islands
Aegadean_Islands egadi_islands
Isole_Egadi egadi_islands
Aegates egadi_islands
Mount_Athos athos
Athinai athens
capital_of_Greece athens
Greek_capital athens
Dipylon dipylon_gate
Korinthos corinth
Patrai patras
Ilion troy
Ilium troy
Salonika thessaloniki
Salonica thessaloniki
Thessalonica thessaloniki
Stagirus stagira
Thessaly thessalia
Peloponnesus peloponnese
Peloponnesian_Peninsula peloponnese
Limnos lemnos
Mideast middle_east
Near_East middle_east
State_of_Israel israel
Yisrael israel
Zion israel
Sion israel
Akko acre
Akka acre
Accho acre
Gaza gaza_strip
Golan golan_heights
capital_of_Israel jerusalem
Bayt_Lahm bethlehem
Bethlehem_Ephrathah bethlehem
Bethlehem-Judah bethlehem
Gomorrha gomorrah
Golgotha calvary
Sion zion
Cotswold_Hills cotswolds
Cheviot_Hills cheviots
Pennine_Chain pennines
Tel_Aviv-Yalo tel_aviv
Tel_Aviv-Jaffa tel_aviv
Haifa hefa
Joppa jaffa
Yafo jaffa
Canaan palestine
Holy_Land palestine
Promised_Land palestine
Juda judah
Judaea judea
Byzantium byzantine_empire
Eastern_Roman_Empire byzantine_empire
Western_Empire western_roman_empire
Tessin ticino
Italian_Republic italy
Italia italy
Abruzzi_e_Molise abruzzi
L'Aquila aquila
Aquila_degli_Abruzzi aquila
Lucania basilicata
Napoli naples
Lazio latium
Roma rome
Eternal_City rome
Italian_capital rome
capital_of_Italy rome
Tibur tivoli
Genova genoa
Lombardia lombardy
Milano milan
Marches marche
Piemonte piedmont
Siracusa syracuse
Torino turin
Apulia puglia
Sardegna sardinia
Sardegna sardinia
Sicilia sicily
Sicilia sicily
Passero_Cape cape_passero
Acragas agrigento
Toscana tuscany
Florence firenze
Trent trento
Venezia-Euganea veneto
Venetia veneto
Padova padua
Patavium padua
Venezia venice
Roumania romania
Rumania romania
Bucharesti bucharest
Bucuresti bucharest
capital_of_Romania bucharest
Rwandese_Republic rwanda
Ruanda rwanda
capital_of_Rwanda kigali
Republic_of_Croatia croatia
Hrvatska croatia
Union_of_Serbia_and_Montenegro serbia_and_montenegro
Yugoslavia serbia_and_montenegro
Federal_Republic_of_Yugoslavia serbia_and_montenegro
Jugoslavija serbia_and_montenegro
Srbija serbia
Crna_Gora montenegro
Beograd belgrade
capital_of_Serbia_and_Montenegro belgrade
Republic_of_Bosnia_and_Herzegovina bosnia_and_herzegovina
Bosna_i_Hercegovina bosnia_and_herzegovina
Bosnia-Herzegovina bosnia_and_herzegovina
Bosnia bosnia_and_herzegovina
Republic_of_Slovenia slovenia
Slovenija slovenia
Ragusa dubrovnik
Gronland greenland
Kalaallit_Nunaat greenland
Laurentian_Highlands laurentian_plateau
Canadian_Shield laurentian_plateau
Maritimes maritime_provinces
Canadian_Maritime_Provinces maritime_provinces
St._John saint_john
St._John's saint_john's
Canadian_capital ottawa
capital_of_Canada ottawa
Quebec_City quebec
Yukon_Territory yukon
Commonwealth_of_Australia australia
Australian_capital canberra
capital_of_Australia canberra
Aleutians aleutian_islands
Oceanica oceania
Federated_States_of_Micronesia micronesia
TT micronesia
Marianas mariana_islands
Ladrone_Islands mariana_islands
Northern_Mariana_Islands northern_marianas
GU guam
Wake wake_island
Republic_of_the_Marshall_Islands marshall_islands
Ellice_Islands tuvalu
Republic_of_Kiribati kiribati
Bairiki tarawa
Nauru_Island nauru
Pleasant_Island nauru
Republic_of_Nauru nauru
East_Indies malay_archipelago
East_India malay_archipelago
Nusa_Tenggara lesser_sunda_islands
Kalimantan borneo
Independent_State_of_Papua_New_Guinea papua_new_guinea
capital_of_Papua_New_Guinea port_moresby
Republic_of_Austria austria
Oesterreich austria
Tirol tyrol
Austrian_capital vienna
capital_of_Austria vienna
Lentia linz
Commonwealth_of_the_Bahamas bahamas
Bahama_Islands bahamas
capital_of_the_Bahamas nassau
Arabia arabian_peninsula
State_of_Bahrain bahrain
Bahrein bahrain
Bahrain_Island bahrain
Bahrein bahrain
Bahrein_Island bahrain
capital_of_Bahrain manama
People's_Republic_of_Bangladesh bangladesh
Bangla_Desh bangladesh
East_Pakistan bangladesh
Dacca dhaka
capital_of_Bangladesh dhaka
Kingdom_of_Belgium belgium
Belgique belgium
Brussels bruxelles
Belgian_capital bruxelles
capital_of_Belgium bruxelles
Antwerp antwerpen
Anvers antwerpen
City_of_Bridges bruges
Gand gent
Ghent gent
Luik liege
Kingdom_of_Bhutan bhutan
Republic_of_Botswana botswana
capital_of_Botswana gaborone
Republic_of_Bolivia bolivia
capital_of_Bolivia la_paz
Federative_Republic_of_Brazil brazil
Brasil brazil
Para belem
Feliz_Lusitania belem
Santa_Maria_de_Belem belem
St._Mary_of_Bethlehem belem
Brazilian_capital brasilia
capital_of_Brazil brasilia
Rio rio_de_janeiro
Pernambuco recife
GB great_britain
Hibernia ireland
Emerald_Isle ireland
UK united_kingdom
U.K. united_kingdom
Britain united_kingdom
United_Kingdom_of_Great_Britain_and_Northern_Ireland united_kingdom
Great_Britain united_kingdom
Lakeland lake_district
Greater_London london
British_capital london
capital_of_the_United_Kingdom london
the_City city_of_london
City_of_Westminster westminster
Kingston-upon_Hull hull
Brummagem birmingham
Newcastle-upon-Tyne newcastle
Pompey portsmouth
Stratford-upon-Avon stratford-on-avon
Devonshire devon
Leicester leicestershire
island_of_Jersey jersey
island_of_Guernsey guernsey
Isles_of_Scilly scilly_islands
Isle_of_Man man
capital_of_Northern_Ireland belfast
Republic_of_Ireland ireland
Irish_Republic ireland
Eire ireland
Irish_capital dublin
capital_of_Ireland dublin
Highlands_of_Scotland highlands
Lowlands_of_Scotland lowlands
Hebridean_Islands hebrides
Hebridean_Isles hebrides
Western_Islands hebrides
Western_Isles hebrides
Cymru wales
Cambria wales
Anglesey_Island anglesey
Anglesea anglesey
Anglesea_Island anglesey
Mona anglesey
Negara_Brunei_Darussalam brunei
Upper_Volta burkina_faso
Sinai_Peninsula sinai
Egypt egyptian_empire
Arab_Republic_of_Egypt egypt
United_Arab_Republic egypt
El_Iskandriyah alexandria
Assuan aswan
Assouan aswan
Al_Qahira cairo
El_Qahira cairo
Egyptian_capital cairo
capital_of_Egypt cairo
El_Giza giza
Gizeh giza
El-Aksur luxor
Saqqarah saqqara
Sakkara saqqara
Republic_of_India india
Bharat india
Mysore karnataka
Canara kanara
Indian_capital new_delhi
capital_of_India new_delhi
Old_Delhi delhi
Jubbulpore jabalpur
Calcutta kolkata
Bombay mumbai
Madras chennai
Gujerat gujarat
Madras tamil_nadu
Gujerat gujarat
Kingdom_of_Nepal nepal
Katmandu kathmandu
capital_of_Nepal kathmandu
Thibet tibet
Xizang tibet
Sitsang tibet
Lassa lhasa
capital_of_Tibet lhasa
Forbidden_City lhasa
Republic_of_Indonesia indonesia
Dutch_East_Indies indonesia
Sulawesi celebes
Spice_Islands moluccas
Kalimantan indonesian_borneo
Djakarta jakarta
capital_of_Indonesia jakarta
Samarang semarang
Islamic_Republic_of_Iran iran
Persia iran
Tehran teheran
capital_of_Iran teheran
Iranian_capital teheran
Meshed mashhad
Esfahan isfahan
Aspadana isfahan
Resht rasht
Orumiyeh urmia
Persian_Empire persia
Susiana elam
Republic_of_Iraq iraq
Al-Iraq iraq
Irak iraq
Bagdad baghdad
capital_of_Iraq baghdad
Basia basra
Karbala kerbala
Kerbela kerbala
Macedonia macedon
Makedonija macedon
Adrianople edirne
Adrianopolis edirne
Chaldaea babylonia
Chaldea babylonia
Chaldaea chaldea
Asur assur
Ashur assur
Phenicia phoenicia
Japanese_Islands japan
Japanese_Archipelago japan
Ezo hokkaido
Yezo hokkaido
Hondo honshu
Nippon japan
Nihon japan
Tokio tokyo
Yeddo tokyo
Yedo tokyo
Edo tokyo
Japanese_capital tokyo
capital_of_Japan tokyo
Mount_Asama asama
Hashemite_Kingdom_of_Jordan jordan
capital_of_Jordan amman
Aqaba al_aqabah
Akaba al_aqabah
Zarqa az_zarqa
Republic_of_Kenya kenya
capital_of_Kenya nairobi
State_of_Kuwait kuwait
Koweit kuwait
Kuwait_City kuwait
Koweit kuwait
capital_of_Kuwait kuwait
Gallia gaul
French_Republic france
City_of_Light paris
French_capital paris
capital_of_France paris
Latin_Quarter left_bank
Clichy-la-Garenne clichy
Dunkerque dunkirk
Lyons lyon
Marseilles marseille
Reims rheims
Strassburg strasbourg
Cote_d'Azur french_riviera
Alsatia alsace
Elsass alsace
Aquitania aquitaine
Lower-Normandy basse-normandie
Burgundy bourgogne
Brittany bretagne
Breiz bretagne
Champagne-Ardenne champagne
Corsica corse
Corsica corse
Gascony gascogne
Upper-Normandy haute-normandie
Lothringen lorraine
Picardy picardie
Poitou poitou-charentes
Normandy normandie
Gabonese_Republic gabon
Gabun gabon
capital_of_Gabon libreville
The_Gambia gambia
Republic_of_The_Gambia gambia
capital_of_Gambia banjul
Republic_of_Ghana ghana
Gold_Coast ghana
capital_of_Ghana accra
St._George's st
capital_of_Grenada st
Republic_of_Guinea guinea
French_Guinea guinea
Konakri conakry
capital_of_Guinea conakry
Republic_of_Guinea-Bissau guinea-bissau
Guine-Bissau guinea-bissau
Portuguese_Guinea guinea-bissau
capital_of_Guinea-Bissau bissau
Co-operative_Republic_of_Guyana guyana
British_Guiana guyana
Stabroek georgetown
The_Netherlands netherlands
Kingdom_of_The_Netherlands netherlands
Nederland netherlands
Holland netherlands
Dutch_capital amsterdam
capital_of_The_Netherlands amsterdam
's_Gravenhage the_hague
Den_Haag the_hague
Leyden leiden
Republic_of_Hungary hungary
Magyarorszag hungary
Hungarian_capital budapest
capital_of_Hungary budapest
Faeroe_Islands faroe_islands
Faroes faroe_islands
Faeroes faroe_islands
Faeroe_Islands faroe_islands
Faroes faroe_islands
Faeroes faroe_islands
Republic_of_Iceland iceland
capital_of_Iceland reykjavik
Shetland_Islands shetland
Zetland shetland
ultima_Thule thule
Korean_Peninsula korea
Dae-Han-Min-Gook korea
Han-Gook korea
Democratic_People's_Republic_of_Korea north_korea
D.P.R.K. north_korea
DPRK north_korea
capital_of_North_Korea pyongyang
Republic_of_Korea south_korea
capital_of_South_Korea seoul
Incheon inchon
Chemulpo inchon
Tegu taegu
Lao_People's_Democratic_Republic laos
Laotian_capital vientiane
capital_of_Laos vientiane
Lapland lappland
Lebanese_Republic lebanon
Beirut bayrut
capital_of_Lebanon bayrut
Tripoli tarabulus
Tarabulus_Ash-Sham tarabulus
Trablous tarabulus
Saida sayda
Sidon sayda
Tyre sur
Kingdom_of_Lesotho lesotho
Basutoland lesotho
capital_of_Lesotho maseru
Republic_of_Liberia liberia
Liberian_capital monrovia
capital_of_Liberia monrovia
Socialist_People's_Libyan_Arab_Jamahiriya libya
Tarabulus_Al-Gharb tripoli
capital_of_Libya tripoli
Principality_of_Liechtenstein liechtenstein
capital_of_Liechtenstein vaduz
Grand_Duchy_of_Luxembourg luxembourg
Luxemburg luxembourg
Luxembourg luxembourg-ville
Luxemburg luxembourg-ville
Luxembourg_City luxembourg-ville
capital_of_Luxembourg luxembourg-ville
Skoplje skopje
Uskub skopje
Republic_of_Madagascar madagascar
Malagasy_Republic madagascar
capital_of_Madagascar antananarivo
Republic_of_Malawi malawi
Nyasaland malawi
capital_of_Malawi lilongwe
Malaya malaysia
capital_of_Malaysia putrajaya
North_Borneo sabah
Maldive_Islands maldives
Republic_of_Maldives maldives
Republic_of_Mali mali
French_Sudan mali
Republic_of_Malta malta
Valetta valletta
capital_of_Malta valletta
Islamic_Republic_of_Mauritania mauritania
Mauritanie mauritania
Muritaniya mauritania
Republic_of_Mauritius mauritius
Principality_of_Monaco monaco
Tatary tartary
Mongolian_People's_Republic mongolia
Outer_Mongolia mongolia
Ulaanbaatar ulan_bator
Urga ulan_bator
Kulun ulan_bator
capital_of_Mongolia ulan_bator
Kingdom_of_Morocco morocco
Maroc morocco
Marruecos morocco
Al-Magrib morocco
Fes fez
Marrakech marrakesh
capital_of_Morocco rabat
Tangiers tangier
Spanish_Sahara western_sahara
Republic_of_Mozambique mozambique
Mocambique mozambique
capital_of_Mozambique maputo
KwaZulu-Natal natal
New_Zealand_Islands new_zealand
capital_of_New_Zealand wellington
Republic_of_Niger niger
capital_of_Niger niamey
Federal_Republic_of_Nigeria nigeria
capital_of_Nigeria abuja
Nigerian_capital abuja
Yerwa-Maiduguri maiduguri
Sultanate_of_Oman oman
Muscat_and_Oman oman
Masqat muscat
capital_of_Oman muscat
Cashmere kashmir
Jammu_and_Kashmir kashmir
Islamic_Republic_of_Pakistan pakistan
West_Pakistan pakistan
Lyallpur faisalabad
capital_of_Pakistan islamabad
Palau_Islands palau
Belau palau
Pelew palau
Republic_of_Palau palau
TT palau
Republic_of_Paraguay paraguay
capital_of_Paraguay asuncion
Republic_of_Peru peru
Cusco cuzco
capital_of_Peru lima
Philippine_Islands philippines
Republic_of_the_Philippines philippines
capital_of_the_Philippines manila
Cebu_City cebu
Mount_Pinatubo pinatubo
Bisayas visayan_islands
Republic_of_Poland poland
Polska poland
Warsaw warszawa
capital_of_Poland warszawa
Bromberg bydgoszcz
Krakow cracow
Krakau cracow
Danzig gdansk
Breslau wroclaw
Iberia iberian_peninsula
Portuguese_Republic portugal
Acores azores
Madeiras madeira_islands
Lisboa lisbon
capital_of_Portugal lisbon
Oporto porto
Qatar_Peninsula qatar
Katar qatar
Katar_Peninsula qatar
State_of_Qatar qatar
Katar qatar
State_of_Katar qatar
Bida doha
El_Beda doha
capital_of_Qatar doha
Federation_of_Saint_Kitts_and_Nevis saint_kitts_and_nevis
Saint_Christopher-Nevis saint_kitts_and_nevis
St._Christopher-Nevis saint_kitts_and_nevis
St._Kitts_and_Nevis saint_kitts_and_nevis
St._Christopher saint_christopher
Saint_Kitts saint_christopher
St._Kitts saint_christopher
St._Lucia saint_lucia
St._Lucia saint_lucia
St._Vincent_and_the_Grenadines saint_vincent_and_the_grenadines
St._Vincent saint_vincent
French_Oceania french_polynesia
Paumotu_Archipelago tuamotu_archipelago
Low_Archipelago tuamotu_archipelago
Austral_Islands tubuai_islands
Iles_Marquises marquesas_islands
Samoan_Islands samoa
Independent_State_of_Samoa samoa
Western_Samoa samoa
Samoa_i_Sisifo samoa
capital_of_Western_Samoa apia
Eastern_Samoa american_samoa
AS american_samoa
Pango_Pango pago_pago
Republic_of_San_Marino san_marino
capital_of_San_Marino san_marino
Democratic_Republic_of_Sao_Tome_and_Principe sao_tome_and_principe
Sao_Tome_e_Principe sao_tome_and_principe
Sao_Thome_e_Principe sao_tome_and_principe
St._Thomas_and_Principe sao_tome_and_principe
Kingdom_of_Saudi_Arabia saudi_arabia
capital_of_Saudi_Arabia riyadh
Al_Madinah medina
Jed'dah jeddah
Jiddah jeddah
Jidda jeddah
Najd nejd
Hedjaz hejaz
Hijaz hejaz
Republic_of_Senegal senegal
capital_of_Senegal dakar
Seychelles_islands seychelles
Republic_of_Seychelles seychelles
capital_of_Seychelles victoria
Republic_of_Sierra_Leone sierra_leone
capital_of_Sierra_Leone freetown
Singapore_Island singapore
Republic_of_Singapore singapore
capital_of_Singapore singapore
Solomon_Islands solomons
Mogadiscio mogadishu
capital_of_Somalia mogadishu
Horn_of_Africa somali_peninsula
Republic_of_South_Africa south_africa
capital_of_South_Africa pretoria
Orange_Free_State free_state
Cape_of_Good_Hope_Province cape_province
Cape_Colony cape_province
Rand witwatersrand
Reef witwatersrand
Russia soviet_union
Union_of_Soviet_Socialist_Republics soviet_union
USSR soviet_union
capital_of_the_Russian_Federation moscow
Russian_capital moscow
Chechenia chechnya
Chechen_Republic chechnya
Groznyy grozny
Russian_Federation russia
Russia soviet_russia
Russian_Soviet_Federated_Socialist_Republic soviet_russia
Nizhni_Novgorod nizhnyi_novgorod
Gorki nizhnyi_novgorod
Gorky nizhnyi_novgorod
Gorkiy nizhnyi_novgorod
St._Petersburg st
Leningrad st
Peterburg st
Petrograd st
Saint_Petersburg st
Molotov perm
Rostov_on_Don rostov
Rostov_na_Donu rostov
Stalingrad volgograd
Tsaritsyn volgograd
Nova_Zembla novaya_zemlya
Republic_of_Belarus belarus
Byelarus belarus
Byelorussia belarus
Belorussia belarus
White_Russia belarus
capital_of_Belarus minsk
Homel homyel
Gomel homyel
Baltic_Republic baltic_state
Esthonia estonia
Republic_of_Estonia estonia
Tallin tallinn
capital_of_Estonia tallinn
Republic_of_Latvia latvia
capital_of_Latvia riga
Republic_of_Lithuania lithuania
Lietuva lithuania
Memel klaipeda
Vilna vilnius
Vilno vilnius
Wilno vilnius
capital_of_Lithuania vilnius
Kovna kaunas
Kovno kaunas
Republic_of_Moldova moldova
Moldavia moldova
Chisinau kishinev
capital_of_Moldova kishinev
Ukrayina ukraine
Kiev kyyiv
capital_of_the_Ukraine kyyiv
Donetske donetsk
Stalino donetsk
Donbass donets_basin
Donbas donets_basin
Yekaterinoslav dnipropetrovsk
Kharkiv kharkov
Odesa odessa
Sevastopol sebastopol
Republic_of_Armenia armenia
Hayastan armenia
Jerevan yerevan
Erivan yerevan
capital_of_Armenia yerevan
Azerbaijani_Republic azerbaijan
Azerbajdzhan azerbaijan
Azerbajdzhan_Republic azerbaijan
capital_of_Azerbaijan baku
Sakartvelo georgia
Tiflis tbilisi
capital_of_Georgia tbilisi
Abkhazia abkhaz
Adzharia adzhar
Republic_of_Kazakhstan kazakhstan
Kazakstan kazakhstan
Kazakh kazakhstan
Kazak kazakhstan
Akmola astana
capital_of_Kazakhstan astana
Alma-Ata almaty
Kyrgyz_Republic kyrgyzstan
Kirghizia kyrgyzstan
Kirgizia kyrgyzstan
Kirghiz kyrgyzstan
Kirgiz kyrgyzstan
Kirghizstan kyrgyzstan
Kirgizstan kyrgyzstan
Biskek bishkek
Frunze bishkek
capital_of_Kyrgyzstan bishkek
Republic_of_Tajikistan tajikistan
Tadzhikistan tajikistan
Tadzhik tajikistan
Tadjik tajikistan
Tajik tajikistan
Dusanbe dushanbe
Dyushambe dushanbe
Stalinabad dushanbe
capital_of_Tajikistan dushanbe
Turkomen turkmenistan
Turkmen turkmenistan
Turkmenia turkmenistan
capital_of_Turkmenistan ashkhabad
Taymyr_Peninsula taimyr_peninsula
Republic_of_Uzbekistan uzbekistan
Uzbek uzbekistan
Taskent tashkent
capital_of_Uzbek tashkent
Samarcand samarkand
Principality_of_Andorra andorra
Kingdom_of_Spain spain
Espana spain
capital_of_Spain madrid
Spanish_capital madrid
Canaries canary_islands
Cordova cordoba
Jerez_de_la_Frontera jerez
Seville sevilla
Saragossa zaragoza
Castilla castile
Rock_of_Gibraltar gibraltar
Calpe gibraltar
Soudan sudan
Republic_of_the_Sudan sudan
Soudan sudan
capital_of_Sudan khartoum
Republic_of_Suriname suriname
Surinam suriname
Dutch_Guiana suriname
Netherlands_Guiana suriname
capital_of_Suriname paramaribo
Kingdom_of_Swaziland swaziland
capital_of_Swaziland mbabane
Swiss_Confederation switzerland
Suisse switzerland
Schweiz switzerland
Svizzera switzerland
Berne bern
capital_of_Switzerland bern
Basle basel
Bale basel
Geneve geneva
Genf geneva
Syrian_Arab_Republic syria
Damascus dimash
capital_of_Syria dimash
Aleppo halab
Alep halab
Latakia al_ladhiqiyah
United_Republic_of_Tanzania tanzania
capital_of_Tanzania dar_es_salaam
Serengeti_Plain serengeti
Kingdom_of_Thailand thailand
Siam thailand
capital_of_Thailand bangkok
Krung_Thep bangkok
Kingdom_of_Tonga tonga
Friendly_Islands tonga
Republic_of_Tunisia tunisia
capital_of_Tunisia tunis
Safaqis sfax
Susa sousse
Susah sousse
Turkish_Empire ottoman_empire
Republic_of_Turkey turkey
Seyhan adana
Turkish_capital ankara
capital_of_Turkey ankara
Angora ankara
Adalia antalya
Antakya antioch
Antakiya antioch
Kadikoy chalcedon
Canakkale_Bogazi dardanelles
Hellespont dardanelles
Stambul istanbul
Stamboul istanbul
Constantinople istanbul
Brusa bursa
Smyrna izmir
Republic_of_Uganda uganda
capital_of_Uganda kampala
United_Arab_Emirates's_capital abu_dhabi
United_States_of_America united_states
America united_states
the_States united_states
US united_states
U.S. united_states
USA united_states
U.S.A. united_states
Confederate_States confederacy
Confederate_States_of_America confederacy
South confederacy
Dixie confederacy
Dixieland confederacy
Tidewater_region tidewater
North union
Carolinas carolina
Heart_of_Dixie alabama
Camellia_State alabama
AL alabama
capital_of_Alabama montgomery
Pittsburgh_of_the_South birmingham
Last_Frontier alaska
AK alaska
capital_of_Alaska juneau
Grand_Canyon_State arizona
AZ arizona
capital_of_Arizona phoenix
Land_of_Opportunity arkansas
AR arkansas
capital_of_Arkansas little_rock
Golden_State california
CA california
Calif. california
City_of_the_Angels los_angeles
capital_of_California sacramento
Catalina_Island santa_catalina
Centennial_State colorado
CO colorado
Mile-High_City denver
capital_of_Colorado denver
Nutmeg_State connecticut
Constitution_State connecticut
CT connecticut
capital_of_Connecticut hartford
Diamond_State delaware
First_State delaware
DE delaware
capital_of_Delaware dover
D.C. district_of_columbia
DC district_of_columbia
Washington_D.C. washington
American_capital washington
capital_of_the_United_States washington
the_Hill capitol_hill
Sunshine_State florida
Everglade_State florida
FL florida
St._Augustine st
Saint_Augustine st
St._Petersburg st
Saint_Petersburg st
capital_of_Florida tallahassee
Empire_State_of_the_South georgia
Peach_State georgia
GA georgia
capital_of_Georgia atlanta
Hawai'i hawaii
Aloha_State hawaii
HI hawaii
capital_of_Hawaii honolulu
Hawaiian_capital honolulu
Sandwich_Islands hawaiian_islands
Hawaii_Island hawaii
Kahoolawe_Island kahoolawe
Kauai_Island kauai
Lanai_Island lanai
Maui_Island maui
Molokai_Island molokai
Nihau_Island nihau
Oahu_Island oahu
Gem_State idaho
ID idaho
capital_of_Idaho boise
Prairie_State illinois
Land_of_Lincoln illinois
IL illinois
Windy_City chicago
capital_of_Illinois springfield
Hoosier_State indiana
IN indiana
capital_of_Indiana indianapolis
Hawkeye_State iowa
IA iowa
capital_of_Iowa des_moines
Sunflower_State kansas
KS kansas
capital_of_Kansas topeka
Bluegrass_State kentucky
KY kentucky
capital_of_Kentucky frankfort
Bluegrass_Country bluegrass
Bluegrass_Region bluegrass
Pelican_State louisiana
LA louisiana
capital_of_Louisiana baton_rouge
Pine_Tree_State maine
ME maine
capital_of_Maine augusta
Old_Line_State maryland
Free_State maryland
MD maryland
capital_of_Maryland annapolis
Fort_George_Gordon_Meade fort_meade
Fort_George_G._Meade fort_meade
Bay_State massachusetts
Old_Colony massachusetts
MA massachusetts
Massachusetts_Bay_Colony massachusetts
Hub_of_the_Universe boston
Bean_Town boston
Beantown boston
capital_of_Massachusetts boston
Wolverine_State michigan
Great_Lakes_State michigan
MI michigan
Motor_City detroit
Motown detroit
capital_of_Michigan lansing
Gopher_State minnesota
North_Star_State minnesota
MN minnesota
St._Cloud saint_cloud
St._Paul saint_paul
capital_of_Minnesota saint_paul
Magnolia_State mississippi
MS mississippi
capital_of_Mississippi jackson
Show_Me_State missouri
MO missouri
capital_of_Missouri jefferson_city
St._Joseph saint_joseph
St._Louis saint_louis
Gateway_to_the_West saint_louis
Treasure_State montana
MT montana
capital_of_Montana helena
Cornhusker_State nebraska
NE nebraska
capital_of_Nebraska lincoln
Silver_State nevada
Battle_Born_State nevada
Sagebrush_State nevada
NV nevada
capital_of_Nevada carson_city
Granite_State new_hampshire
NH new_hampshire
capital_of_New_Hampshire concord
Jersey new_jersey
Garden_State new_jersey
NJ new_jersey
capital_of_New_Jersey trenton
Bedloe's_Island liberty_island
Land_of_Enchantment new_mexico
NM new_mexico
capital_of_New_Mexico santa_fe
New_York_State new_york
Empire_State new_york
NY new_york
capital_of_New_York albany
New_York_City new_york
Greater_New_York new_york
Hell's_Half_Acre hell's_kitchen
South_of_Houston soho
Great_White_Way broadway
Park_Ave. park_avenue
Wall_St. wall_street
Village greenwich_village
Kennedy_Interrnational kennedy
Kennedy_International_Airport kennedy
borsht_circuit borscht_circuit
borscht_belt borscht_circuit
borsht_belt borscht_circuit
Old_North_State north_carolina
Tar_Heel_State north_carolina
NC north_carolina
capital_of_North_Carolina raleigh
Queen_City charlotte
Peace_Garden_State north_dakota
ND north_dakota
capital_of_North_Dakota bismarck
Buckeye_State ohio
OH ohio
capital_of_Ohio columbus
Sooner_State oklahoma
OK oklahoma
capital_of_Oklahoma oklahoma_city
Beaver_State oregon
OR oregon
capital_of_Oregon salem
Keystone_State pennsylvania
PA pennsylvania
capital_of_Pennsylvania harrisburg
City_of_Brotherly_Love philadelphia
Little_Rhody rhode_island
Ocean_State rhode_island
RI rhode_island
capital_of_Rhode_Island providence
Palmetto_State south_carolina
SC south_carolina
capital_of_South_Carolina columbia
Coyote_State south_dakota
Mount_Rushmore_State south_dakota
SD south_dakota
capital_of_South_Dakota pierre
Volunteer_State tennessee
TN tennessee
capital_of_Tennessee nashville
Lone-Star_State texas
TX texas
capital_of_Texas austin
Beehive_State utah
Mormon_State utah
UT utah
capital_of_Utah salt_lake_city
Green_Mountain_State vermont
VT vermont
capital_of_Vermont montpelier
Old_Dominion virginia
Old_Dominion_State virginia
VA virginia
capital_of_Virginia richmond
Evergreen_State washington
WA washington
capital_of_Washington olympia
Mountain_State west_virginia
WV west_virginia
capital_of_West_Virginia charleston
Harper's_Ferry harpers_ferry
Badger_State wisconsin
WI wisconsin
capital_of_Wisconsin madison
Equality_State wyoming
WY wyoming
capital_of_Wyoming cheyenne
capital_of_Uruguay montevideo
Republic_of_Vanuatu vanuatu
New_Hebrides vanuatu
Vila port_vila
capital_of_Vanuatu port_vila
The_Holy_See holy_see
State_of_the_Vatican_City holy_see
Citta_del_Vaticano vatican_city
Republic_of_Venezuela venezuela
capital_of_Venezuela caracas
Socialist_Republic_of_Vietnam vietnam
Viet_Nam vietnam
Annam vietnam
capital_of_Vietnam hanoi
Saigon ho_chi_minh_city
Republic_of_Yemen yemen
Al-Hudaydah hodeida
Al-Mukalla mukalla
Sanaa sana
Sana'a sana
Republic_of_Zambia zambia
Northern_Rhodesia zambia
capital_of_Zambia lusaka
Slask silesia
Slezsko silesia
Schlesien silesia
Republic_of_Zimbabwe zimbabwe
Rhodesia zimbabwe
Southern_Rhodesia zimbabwe
Salisbury harare
capital_of_Zimbabwe harare
Great_Arabian_Desert arabian_desert
Eastern_Desert arabian_desert
Great_Australian_Desert australian_desert
Kavir_Desert dasht-e-kavir
Great_Salt_Desert dasht-e-kavir
Lut_Desert dasht-e-lut
Gobi_Desert gobi
Kalahari_Desert kalahari
Qara_Qum kara_kum
Turkestan_Desert kara_kum
Kizil_Kum kyzyl_kum
Qizil_Qum kyzyl_kum
Mojave_Desert mojave
Mohave mojave
Mohave_Desert mojave
An_Nefud nefud
Nafud nefud
An_Nafud nefud
Negev_Desert negev
Ar_Rimsal rub_al-khali
Dahna rub_al-khali
Great_Sandy_Desert rub_al-khali
Sahara_Desert sahara
Black_Africa sub-saharan_africa
Sinai_Desert sinai
Taklamakan_Desert taklimakan_desert
Great_Indian_Desert thar_desert
Mount_Orizaba citlaltepetl
Mt_Orizaba citlaltepetl
Pico_de_Orizaba citlaltepetl
Nevado_de_Colima colima
Volcan_de_Colima colima
Mount_Etna etna
Mt_Etna etna
Mount_Fuji fuji
Fujiyama fuji
Fujinoyama fuji
Fuji-san fuji
Pasto galeras
Krakatao krakatau
Krakatoa krakatau
Mount_St._Helens mount_saint_helens
Mt._St._Helens mount_saint_helens
Mount_Vesuvius vesuvius
Mt._Vesuvius vesuvius
House_of_Islam dar_al-islam
House_of_War dar_al-harb
ground reason
account score
wherefore why
inducement incentive
motivator incentive
dynamic moral_force
deterrence disincentive
impulse urge
death_wish death_instinct
Thanatos death_instinct
irresistible_impulse compulsion
passion mania
cacoethes mania
alcoholism dipsomania
potomania dipsomania
logomania logorrhea
possession monomania
necrophilism necrophilia
necromania necrophilia
itchy_feet wanderlust
obsession compulsion
ethics ethical_motive
morals ethical_motive
morality ethical_motive
scruples conscience
moral_sense conscience
sense_of_right_and_wrong conscience
small_voice wee_small_voice
voice_of_conscience wee_small_voice
sense_of_duty sense_of_shame
Light inner_light
Light_Within inner_light
Christ_Within inner_light
mental_energy psychic_energy
incitation incitement
provocation incitement
charge cathexis
Aar aare
Aare_River aare
Abukir_Bay abukir
abysm abyss
River_Acheron acheron
Mount_Adams adams
Samanala adam's_peak
River_Adige adige
Adirondack_Mountains adirondacks
Adriatic_Sea adriatic
Aegean_Sea aegean
Aegospotamos aegospotami
aery aerie
eyrie aerie
eyry aerie
River_Aire aire
Aire_River aire
Alabama_River alabama
Allegheny_Mountains alleghenies
Allegheny_River allegheny
alluvial_deposit alluvial_sediment
alluvium alluvial_sediment
alluvion alluvial_sediment
alluvial_plain alluvial_flat
Rigil_Kent alpha_centauri
Rigil alpha_centauri
Alpine_type_of_glacier alpine_glacier
the_Alps alps
Altay_Mountains altai_mountains
altocumulus_cloud altocumulus
altostratus_cloud altostratus
Amazon_River amazon
ammonoid ammonite
Amur_River amur
Heilong_Jiang amur
Heilong amur
Angara_River angara
Tunguska angara
Upper_Tunguska angara
Angel_Falls angel
Anapurna annapurna
Antarctic_continent antarctica
Palmer_Peninsula antarctic_peninsula
formicary anthill
positive_muon antimuon
tau-plus_particle antitauon
Apalachicola_River apalachicola
Appalachian_Mountains appalachians
Araguaia_River araguaia
Araguaya araguaia
Araguaya_River araguaia
Mount_Ararat ararat
Mt._Ararat ararat
Araxes aras
Argun_River argun
Ergun_He argun
Arkansas_River arkansas
Arno_River arno
River_Arno arno
acclivity ascent
rise ascent
raise ascent
climb ascent
upgrade ascent
Atlantic_Ocean atlantic
Charioteer auriga
River_Avon avon
Upper_Avon avon
Upper_Avon_River avon
River_Avon avon
Lake_Balaton balaton
Plattensee balaton
Balkan_Mountains balkans
Balkan_Mountain_Range balkans
Baltic_Sea baltic
cant bank
camber bank
heavy_particle baryon
embayment bay
bottom bed
hive beehive
Berkshire_Hills berkshires
Alpha_Orionis betelgeuse
Dipper big_dipper
Plough big_dipper
Charles's_Wain big_dipper
Wain big_dipper
Wagon big_dipper
Bighorn_River bighorn
binary binary_star
double_star binary_star
biohazard biological_agent
bird_nest bird's_nest
birdnest bird's_nest
chip bit
flake bit
fleck bit
scrap bit
blackbody black_body
full_radiator black_body
Schwarzwald black_forest
Euxine_Sea black_sea
cystolith bladder_stone
mantle blanket
Blue_Ridge blue_ridge_mountains
blue blue_sky
blue_air blue_sky
wild_blue_yonder blue_sky
water body_of_water
peat_bog bog
Po_Hai bo_hai
bottom bottomland
beauty_quark bottom_quark
bowlder boulder
Brahmaputra_River brahmaputra
Brazos_River brazos
creek brook
tunnel burrow
concretion calculus
Caloosahatchee_River caloosahatchee
River_Cam cam
Cam_River cam
Canadian_River canadian
Horseshoe_Falls canadian_falls
Lake_Canandaigua canandaigua_lake
Great_Dog canis_major
Little_Dog canis_minor
canon canyon
ness cape
Cape_Kennedy cape_canaveral
Capricorn capricornus
Caribbean_Sea caribbean
Carpathian_Mountains carpathians
Cascade_Range cascades
Cascade_Mountains cascades
Caspian_Sea caspian
Alpha_Geminorum castor
Catskill_Mountains catskills
Caucasus_Mountains caucasus
Lake_Cayuga cayuga_lake
heavenly_body celestial_body
Centaur centaurus
chemical_chain chain
Chameleon chamaeleon
Charles_River charles
Chattahoochee_River chattahoochee
Lake_Baikal baikal
Baykal baikal
Lake_Baykal baikal
cow_chip chip
cow_dung chip
buffalo_chip chip
Cimarron_River cimarron
clinker cinder
corrie cirque
cwm cirque
cirrocumulus_cloud cirrocumulus
cirrostratus_cloud cirrostratus
cirrus_cloud cirrus
drop cliff
drop-off cliff
ring closed_chain
Coast_Mountains coast_range
River_Cocytus cocytus
gap col
Colorado_River colorado
Colorado_River colorado
Dove columba
Columbia_River columbia
Mount_Communism communism_peak
Stalin_Peak communism_peak
Mount_Garmo communism_peak
Congo_River congo
Zaire_River congo
Connecticut_River connecticut
Lake_Constance constance
Bodensee constance
bathyal_zone continental_slope
bathyal_district continental_slope
condensation_trail contrail
Coosa_River coosa
fecalith coprolith
faecalith coprolith
stercolith coprolith
Crow corvus
natural_covering covering
cover covering
cleft crack
crevice crack
fissure crack
scissure crack
Okeechobee_Waterway cross-florida_waterway
Earth's_crust crust
incrustation crust
encrustation crust
crystallization crystal
farmland cultivated_land
plowland cultivated_land
ploughland cultivated_land
tilled_land cultivated_land
tillage cultivated_land
tilth cultivated_land
Cumberland_River cumberland
Cumberland_Plateau cumberland_mountains
cumulonimbus_cloud cumulonimbus
thundercloud cumulonimbus
cumulus_cloud cumulus
Cuquenan_Falls cuquenan
Kukenaam cuquenan
Kukenaam_Falls cuquenan
Danube_River danube
Danau danube
Darling_River darling
gorge defile
Delaware_River delaware
dingle dell
declivity descent
fall descent
decline descent
declination descent
declension descent
downslope descent
gaseous_nebula diffuse_nebula
Dnieper_River dnieper
dog_do dog_shit
doggy_do dog_shit
dog_turd dog_shit
Don_River don
Dragon draco
settlings dregs
sand_dune dune
world earth
globe earth
Ebro_River ebro
Elbe_River elbe
electric_doublet electric_dipole
negatron electron
fundamental_particle elementary_particle
coal ember
natural_enclosure enclosure
scarp escarpment
Euphrates_River euphrates
Hesperus evening_star
Vesper evening_star
Mount_Everest everest
Mt._Everest everest
estraterrestrial_body extraterrestrial_object
Lake_Eyre eyre
faulting fault
geological_fault fault
shift fault
fracture fault
break fault
tributary feeder
confluent feeder
affluent feeder
fiord fjord
Flint_River flint
flood_plain floodplain
froth foam
vehicle fomite
crossing ford
woodland forest
timberland forest
timber forest
Forth_River forth
Galilean galilean_satellite
bilestone gallstone
Ganges_River ganges
Kan_River gan_jiang
Garonne_River garonne
formation geological_formation
giant giant_star
Gila_River gila
Ursa_Major great_bear
Eastern_Highlands great_dividing_range
Great_Plains_of_North_America great_plains
Green_River green
grot grotto
Crane grus
flume gulch
Gulf_of_Akaba gulf_of_aqaba
Sea_of_Cortes gulf_of_california
Golfo_de_Campeche gulf_of_campeche
Bay_of_Campeche gulf_of_campeche
Carpentaria gulf_of_carpentaria
Gulf_of_Lepanto gulf_of_corinth
Golfo_de_Mexico gulf_of_mexico
Bay_of_Ob gulf_of_ob
Gulf_of_St._Lawrence gulf_of_saint_lawrence
Gulf_of_Siam gulf_of_thailand
hair_ball hairball
trichobezoar hairball
heterocycle heterocyclic_ring
upland highland
international_waters high_sea
Himalaya_Mountains himalayas
Himalaya himalayas
Hindu_Kush_Mountains hindu_kush
horseback hogback
hollow hole
holler hollow
cap hood
Hoek_van_Holland hook_of_holland
thermal_spring hot_spring
Housatonic_River housatonic
Hwang_Ho huang_he
Yellow_River huang_he
Mount_Hubbard hubbard
Hudson_River hudson
lump hunk
Snake hydra
berg iceberg
ice_cap icecap
floe ice_floe
Iguazu_Falls iguazu
Iguassu iguazu
Iguassu_Falls iguazu
Victoria_Falls iguazu
IJssel_river ijssel
cellular_inclusion inclusion_body
inclusion inclusion_body
guide_fossil index_fossil
Indigirka_River indigirka
indument indumentum
Indus_River indus
nonessential inessential
infective_agent infectious_agent
Inside_Passage inland_passage
recess inlet
Irrawaddy_River irrawaddy
Irtish_River irtish
Irtysh irtish
Irtysh_River irtish
Isere_River isere
islet isle
Isthmus_of_Darien isthmus_of_panama
James_River james
James_River james
Abila jebel_musa
Abyla jebel_musa
Jordan_River jordan
gas_giant jovian_planet
psi_particle j_particle
Godwin_Austen k2
Mount_Godwin_Austen k2
Dapsang k2
Kanawha_River kanawha
Mount_Kanchenjunga kanchenjunga
Kanchanjanga kanchenjunga
Kinchinjunga kanchenjunga
Kansas_River kansas
Kaw_River kansas
kappa-meson kaon
k-meson kaon
K_particle kaon
Karakoram_Range karakoram
Karakorum_Range karakoram
Mustagh karakoram
Mustagh_Range karakoram
Kasai_River kasai
River_Kasai kasai
kettle kettle_hole
Lake_Keuka keuka_lake
cay key
Florida_key key
urinary_calculus kidney_stone
nephrolith kidney_stone
renal_calculus kidney_stone
Mount_Kilimanjaro kilimanjaro
Kissimmee_River kissimmee
Lake_Kivu kivu
Klamath_River klamath
mound knoll
hillock knoll
hummock knoll
hammock knoll
Kodiak_Island kodiak
koppie kopje
Korea_Strait korean_strait
Edgeworth-Kuiper_belt kuiper_belt
KBO kuiper_belt_object
Kunlan_Shan kunlun
Kunlun_Mountains kunlun
Kuenlun kunlun
Kuenlun_Mountains kunlun
Kura_River kura
Labrador_Peninsula labrador-ungava_peninsula
laguna lagoon
lagune lagoon
Lake_Albert_Nyanza lake_albert
Mobuto_Lake lake_albert
Aral_Sea lake_aral
lake_bottom lake_bed
Chad lake_chad
Champlain lake_champlain
Erie lake_erie
Lake_Leman lake_geneva
Huron lake_huron
Ilmen lake_ilmen
Ladoga lake_ladoga
Michigan lake_michigan
Nasser lake_nasser
Lake_Malawi lake_nyasa
Onega lake_onega
Ontario lake_ontario
lakeshore lakeside
Lake_St._Clair lake_st
Lake_Saint_Clair lake_st
Superior lake_superior
Lake_Tsana lake_tana
Tanganyika lake_tanganyika
Urmia lake_urmia
Daryacheh-ye_Orumiyeh lake_urmia
Vanern lake_vanern
Victoria_Nyanza lake_victoria
lambda_hyperon lambda_particle
dry_land land
earth land
ground land
solid_ground land
terra_firma land
ground land
soil land
land_mass landmass
shelf ledge
Lena_River lena
River_Lethe lethe
Liaodong_Bandao liaodong_peninsula
Crocodile_River limpopo
geosphere lithosphere
Ursa_Minor little_bear
Little_Bighorn_River little_bighorn
Little_Horn little_bighorn
Dipper little_dipper
Little_Missouri_River little_missouri
Little_Wabash_River little_wabash
loadstar lodestar
Mount_Logan logan
Loire_River loire
long-chain_molecule long_chain
Baja_California lower_california
Mackenzie_River mackenzie
Madeira_River madeira
Magdalena_River magdalena
briny main
maria mare
Sea_of_Marmara marmara
Marmara_Denizi marmara
Marmora marmara
Sea_of_Marmora marmara
Red_Planet mars
marshland marsh
fen marsh
fenland marsh
Mount_McKinley mckinley
Mt._McKinley mckinley
Denali mckinley
Mediterranean_Sea mediterranean
Mekong_River mekong
Great_Mendenhall_Glacier mendenhall_glacier
Merrimack_River merrimack
table mesa
mesotron meson
meteor meteoroid
Meuse_River meuse
micrometeoroid micrometeorite
micrometeor micrometeorite
Milk_River milk
Milky_Way_Galaxy milky_way
Milky_Way_System milky_way
planetoid minor_planet
quagmire mire
quag mire
morass mire
slack mire
Mississippi_River mississippi
Missouri_River missouri
Mobile_River mobile
Moho mohorovicic_discontinuity
Monongahela_River monongahela
Monte_Bianco mont_blanc
moorland moor
daystar morning_star
Phosphorus morning_star
Lucifer morning_star
mount mountain
versant mountainside
mouse's_nest mouse_nest
negative_muon muon
mu-meson muon
Murray_River murray
Murrumbidgee_River murrumbidgee
Muztagh muztag
mother-of-pearl_cloud nacreous_cloud
Namoi_River namoi
Nan_River nan
depression natural_depression
elevation natural_elevation
essential necessity
requirement necessity
requisite necessity
necessary necessity
Neckar_River neckar
want need
neighbour neighbor
Neosho_River neosho
Neva_River neva
Niagara_River niagara
Niagara_Falls niagara
Niger_River niger
Nile_River nile
nimbus_cloud nimbus
rain_cloud nimbus
Niobrara_River niobrara
gravity_fault normal_fault
common_fault normal_fault
North_Platte_River north_platte
stub nub
Ob_River ob
sea_floor ocean_floor
ocean_bottom ocean_floor
seabed ocean_floor
sea_bottom ocean_floor
Davy_Jones's_locker ocean_floor
Davy_Jones ocean_floor
Oder_River oder
Ohio_River ohio
Lake_Okeechobee okeechobee
Mount_Olympus olympus
Mt._Olympus olympus
Olimbos olympus
gap opening
Orange_River orange
Orinoco_River orinoco
Hunter orion
Osage_River osage
Ottawa outaouais
Ottawa_river outaouais
Ouachita_River ouachita
Ouse_River ouse
outcropping outcrop
rock_outcrop outcrop
Ozark_Mountains ozarks
Ozark_Plateau ozarks
ozonosphere ozone_layer
Pacific_Ocean pacific
ice_pack pack_ice
the_Pamirs pamir_mountains
Pangea pangaea
Para_River para
Parana_River parana
sliver paring
shaving paring
Parnahiba parnaiba
Mount_Parnassus parnassus
Liakoura parnassus
piece part
subatomic_particle particle
mountain_pass pass
notch pass
track path
course path
Paulo_Afonso_Falls paulo_afonso
Pecos_River pecos
Pee_Dee_River pee_dee
peneplane peneplain
Penobscot_River penobscot
Arabian_Gulf persian_gulf
Piedmont_type_of_glacier piedmont_glacier
Ping_River ping
pi-meson pion
cavity pit
field plain
champaign plain
major_planet planet
plasmid_DNA plasmid
crustal_plate plate
Platte_River platte
Po_River po
Pobedy_Peak pobeda_peak
North_Star polaris
pole_star polaris
polar_star polaris
polestar polaris
pool pond
puddle pool
antielectron positron
chuckhole pothole
Potomac_River potomac
headland promontory
head promontory
foreland promontory
Proxima_Centauri proxima
mush pulp
Purus_River purus
quasi-stellar_radio_source quasar
invigorator quickener
enlivener quickener
rabbit_hole rabbit_burrow
mountain_range range
range_of_mountains range
chain range
mountain_chain range
chain_of_mountains range
Mount_Ranier ranier
Mt._Ranier ranier
Mount_Tacoma ranier
Rappahannock_River rappahannock
Red_River red
red_dwarf_star red_dwarf
red_giant_star red_giant
represser repressor
Republican_River republican
source reservoir
retardent retardant
retardation retardant
Rhine_River rhine
Rhein rhine
Rhone_River rhone
thread ribbon
ridgeline ridge
Beta_Orionis rigel
La_Plata rio_de_la_plata
Plata_River rio_de_la_plata
Rio_Bravo rio_grande
rent rip
snag rip
split rip
tear rip
riverside riverbank
river_bottom riverbed
rill rivulet
run rivulet
runnel rivulet
streamlet rivulet
stone rock
Rocky_Mountains rockies
Ruhr_River ruhr
Mount_Rushmore rushmore
Mt._Rushmore rushmore
cancer_body russell's_body
Saale_River saale
Sabine_River sabine
saddle saddleback
Saint_Francis_River saint_francis
St._Francis saint_francis
St._Francis_River saint_francis
Saint_John_River saint_john
St._John saint_john
St._John_River saint_john
Saint_Johns_River saint_johns
St._Johns saint_johns
St._Johns_River saint_johns
Saint_Lawrence_River saint_lawrence
St._Lawrence saint_lawrence
St._Lawrence_River saint_lawrence
Salmon_River salmon
salt_plain salt_flat
lick salt_lick
Sambre_River sambre
sand_bar sandbar
Saone_River saone
Gulf_of_Aegina saronic_gulf
Savannah_River savannah
scurf scale
exfoliation scale
Scheldt_River scheldt
Scorpio scorpius
Sea_of_Azof sea_of_azov
Sea_of_Azoff sea_of_azov
East_Sea sea_of_japan
coast seashore
seacoast seashore
sea-coast seashore
seaboard seaside
deposit sediment
Seine_River seine
Lake_Seneca seneca_lake
Guaira sete_quedas
Guaira_Falls sete_quedas
River_Severn severn
Severn_River severn
Severn_River severn
Seyhan_River seyhan
Shari_River shari
Chari shari
Chari_River shari
Mount_Shasta shasta
Mount_Sherman sherman
ice_shelf shelf_ice
eggshell shell
shallow shoal
salivary_calculus sialolith
Sierra_Nevada_Mountains sierra_nevada
High_Sierra sierra_nevada
sylva silva
Mount_Sinai sinai
sink sinkhole
swallow_hole sinkhole
Dog_Star sirius
Canicula sirius
Sothis sirius
Skaw skagens_odde
Skagerak skagerrak
slack_water slack
incline slope
side slope
Snake_River snake
suds soapsuds
lather soapsuds
Crux southern_cross
Crux_Australis southern_cross
South_Platte_River south_platte
spawl spall
tongue spit
sliver splinter
fountain spring
outflow spring
outpouring spring
natural_spring spring
St._Elias_Range st
St._Elias_Mountains st
Asterope sterope
sound strait
Strait_of_Ormuz strait_of_hormuz
Strait_of_Calais strait_of_dover
Pas_de_Calais strait_of_dover
squark strange_quark
stratus_cloud stratus
watercourse stream
creek_bed streambed
cosmic_string string
River_Styx styx
Earth's_surface surface
Surinam_River suriname_river
Susquehanna_River susquehanna
swampland swamp
belt swath
plateau tableland
Tagus_River tagus
Tallapoosa_River tallapoosa
scree talus
calculus tartar
tophus tartar
tau-minus_particle tauon
Tennessee_River tennessee
bench terrace
River_Thames thames
Thames_River thames
overthrust_fault thrust_fault
reverse_fault thrust_fault
Tevere tiber
tidewater_river tidal_river
tidal_stream tidal_river
tidewater_stream tidal_river
Tyan_Shan tien_shan
Tigris_River tigris
Tocantins_River tocantins
Tombigbee_River tombigbee
truth_quark top_quark
gene_delivery_vector transducing_vector
deep trench
oceanic_abyss trench
River_Trent trent
Trent_River trent
Triangle triangulum
Southern_Triangle triangulum_australe
Trondheim_Fiord trondheim_fjord
Tugela_Falls tugela
Lower_Tunguska tunguska
Stony_Tunguska tunguska
sod turf
sward turf
greensward turf
Twin_Falls twin
River_Tyne tyne
Tyne_River tyne
Ulugh_Muz_Tagh ulugh_muztagh
building_block unit
U.S._waters united_states_waters
existence universe
creation universe
world universe
cosmos universe
macrocosm universe
Ural_Mountains urals
Urubupunga_Falls urubupunga
vale valley
variable variable_star
transmitter vector
mineral_vein vein
volcano vent
Vetluga_River vetluga
Victoria_Falls victoria
Vistula_River vistula
crater volcanic_crater
Volga_River volga
Volkhov_River volkhov
Wabash_River wabash
rabbit_warren warren
dry_wash wash
wasps'_nest wasp's_nest
hornet's_nest wasp's_nest
hornets'_nest wasp's_nest
falls waterfall
water_level water_table
groundwater_level water_table
WIMP weakly_interacting_massive_particle
Weser_River weser
whin whinstone
White_River white
white_dwarf_star white_dwarf
whitewater white_water
Mount_Whitney whitney
Isle_of_Wight wight
Willamette_River willamette
Mount_Wilson wilson
Lake_Winnipeg winnipeg
Wisconsin_River wisconsin
Yalu_River yalu
Changjiang chang_jiang
Chang chang_jiang
Yangtze chang_jiang
Yangtze_River chang_jiang
Yangtze_Kiang chang_jiang
Yazoo_River yazoo
Huang_Hai yellow_sea
Yellowstone_River yellowstone
Yenisei_River yenisei
Yenisey yenisei
Yenisey_River yenisei
Yosemite_Falls yosemite
Yukon_River yukon
Zambezi_River zambezi
Canton_River zhu_jiang
Chu_Kiang zhu_jiang
Pearl_River zhu_jiang
imaginary_creature imaginary_being
extraterrestrial extraterrestrial_being
alien extraterrestrial_being
Halcyon alcyone
yeti abominable_snowman
Sasquatch bigfoot
Nessie loch_ness_monster
bugbear bogeyman
bugaboo bogeyman
boogeyman bogeyman
booger bogeyman
Reaper grim_reaper
mythical_creature mythical_monster
hellhound cerberus
Chimaera chimera
firedrake dragon
griffin gryphon
griffon gryphon
mantichora manticore
manticora manticore
mantiger manticore
wolfman werewolf
lycanthrope werewolf
loup-garou werewolf
wivern wyvern
occult supernatural
supernatural_being spiritual_being
prime_mover first_cause
primum_mobile first_cause
fate destiny
divinity deity
god deity
immortal deity
demigod daemon
Eumenides fury
Erinyes fury
Aengus angus_og
Oengus angus_og
Angus angus_og
Arianrod arianrhod
Dana danu
Fomorian fomor
Ler lir
Lugh lug
Manawyddan manawydan
Morrigu morrigan
Tuatha_De tuatha_de_danann
Amon amen
Amun amen
Amon-Ra amen-ra
Amun_Ra amen-ra
Anpu anubis
Aton aten
Keb geb
Re ra
Eye_of_Ra sekhet
Seth set
Enuki anunnaki
Ashir ashur
Ashtoreth astarte
Mylitta ishtar
Damgalnunna damkina
Tammuz dumuzi
En-lil enlil
Eresh-kigal ereshkigal
Ereshkigel ereshkigal
Merodach marduk
Baal_Merodach marduk
Bel-Merodach marduk
Molech moloch
Nebo nabu
Namtaru namtar
Ninhursag ninkhursag
Ninkharsag ninkhursag
Nintoo nintu
Ninib ninurta
Zirbanit sarpanitu
Zarpanit sarpanitu
Tashmitum tashmit
Utug utu
Zubird zu
Dyaus-pitar dyaus
Ganesa ganesh
Ganesha ganesh
Ganapati ganesh
Karttikeya kartikeya
Anapurna parvati
Annapurna parvati
Rhibhus ribhus
Sakti shakti
Shiva siva
Jagannatha jagannath
Jagganath jagannath
Juggernaut jagannath
Mithra mithras
Ormuzd ormazd
Ahura_Mazda ormazd
Siddhartha buddha
Gautama buddha
Gautama_Siddhartha buddha
Gautama_Buddha buddha
Boddhisatva bodhisattva
Avalokiteshvara avalokitesvara
Arhant arhat
lohan arhat
Chang_Kuo-lao chang_kuo
Wen-Ti wen_ch'ang
Heavenly_Jewel tien-pao
Mystic_Jewel ling-pao
Spiritual_Jewel shen-pao
Kuan_Yin kwan-yin
Amaterasu_Omikami amaterasu
Ninigino-Mikoto ninigi
earth_god earth-god
earth_goddess earth-goddess
Supreme_Being god
Lord godhead
Creator godhead
Maker godhead
Divine godhead
God_Almighty godhead
Almighty godhead
Jehovah godhead
aeon eon
Holy_Trinity trinity
Blessed_Trinity trinity
Sacred_Trinity trinity
Father-God father
Fatherhood father
Word son
Logos son
christ messiah
Holy_Spirit holy_ghost
Paraclete holy_ghost
hypostasis_of_Christ hypostasis
YHWH yahweh
Yahwe yahweh
Yahveh yahweh
YHVH yahweh
Yahve yahweh
Wahvey yahweh
Jahvey yahweh
Jahweh yahweh
Jehovah yahweh
JHVH yahweh
guardian_angel guardian_spirit
faery fairy
faerie fairy
fay fairy
sprite fairy
hob elf
gremlin elf
pixie elf
pixy elf
brownie elf
imp elf
dwarf gnome
Robin_Goodfellow puck
bogy bogey
bogie bogey
fiend devil
demon devil
daemon devil
daimon devil
cacodaemon cacodemon
eudaemon eudemon
good_spirit eudemon
succuba succubus
dibbuk dybbuk
Old_Nick satan
Devil satan
Lucifer satan
Beelzebub satan
the_Tempter satan
Prince_of_Darkness satan
hob goblin
hobgoblin goblin
kelpie kelpy
lamia vampire
banshie banshee
jinni genie
jinnee genie
djinni genie
djinny genie
djinn genie
shaytan shaitan
familiar_spirit familiar
disembodied_spirit spirit
water_nymph water_sprite
water_spirit water_sprite
phantom apparition
phantasm apparition
phantasma apparition
fantasm apparition
specter apparition
spectre apparition
Graeco-Roman_deity greco-roman_deity
forest_god satyr
Atlantides hesperides
Asterope sterope
wood_nymph dryad
Olympic_god olympian
Phoebus apollo
Phoebus_Apollo apollo
Cytherea aphrodite
Urania venus
Rea_Silvia rhea_silvia
Cynthia artemis
Athene athena
Pallas athena
Pallas_Athena athena
Pallas_Athene athena
Asclepius aesculapius
Asklepios aesculapius
Night nox
Amor cupid
Daedal daedalus
Gaia gaea
Ge gaea
Hephaistos hephaestus
Here hera
Moirae moirai
Klotho clotho
Momos momus
Uranus ouranos
goat_god pan
Pontos pontus
Despoina persephone
Kore persephone
Cora persephone
Proserpine proserpina
Hades pluto
Aides pluto
Aidoneus pluto
Orcus dis
Pythoness pythia
Jove jupiter
Jupiter_Fulminator jupiter_fulgur
Lightning_Hurler jupiter_fulgur
Thunderer jupiter_tonans
Rain-giver jupiter_pluvius
Best_and_Greatest jupiter_optimus_maximus
Protector_of_Boundaries jupiter_fidius
Theia thea
Silvanus sylvanus
Latona leto
Heracles hercules
Herakles hercules
Alcides hercules
Baldr balder
Brage bragi
Freyr frey
Freyja freya
Frigga frigg
Heimdal heimdall
Heimdallr heimdall
Hela hel
Hothr hoth
Hoder hoth
Hodr hoth
Hodur hoth
Ithunn idun
Jotunn jotun
Njorth njord
weird_sister norn
Urth urd
Verthandi verdandi
Tyrr tyr
Ullr ull
Vithar vitharr
Vidar vitharr
Ygdrasil yggdrasil
Wayland_the_Smith wayland
Wieland wayland
Hertha nerthus
Wodan woden
Weird wyrd
fictitious_character fictional_character
character fictional_character
James_Bond bond
Brunnhilde brunhild
Brynhild brunhild
Paul_Bunyan bunyan
Dindymene cybele
Great_Mother cybele
Magna_Mater cybele
Mater_Turrita cybele
King_Oedipus oedipus
Oedipus_Rex oedipus
Sir_John_Falstaff falstaff
Faustus faust
Frankenstein's_monster frankenstein
Helen_of_Troy helen
Captain_Horatio_Hornblower horatio_hornblower
Commissaire_Maigret inspector_maigret
King_Lear lear
Philip_Marlowe marlowe
Wilkins_Micawber micawber
Mr._Moto mr
Pied_Piper_of_Hamelin pied_piper
Huck_Finn huckleberry_finn
Tarzan_of_the_Apes tarzan
Holmes sherlock_holmes
Sinbad sinbad_the_sailor
grownup adult
venturer adventurer
unusual_person anomaly
applier applicant
appointment appointee
attender attendant
attendee attendant
meeter attendant
behaviourist behaviorist
helper benefactor
capturer captor
modifier changer
common_man commoner
common_person commoner
cosignatory cosigner
guardian defender
protector defender
shielder defender
withstander defender
controversialist disputant
eristic disputant
applied_scientist engineer
technologist engineer
oenologist enologist
fermentologist enologist
panegyrist eulogist
female_person female
habitant inhabitant
dweller inhabitant
denizen inhabitant
indweller inhabitant
indigen native
indigene native
aborigine native
aboriginal native
inexperienced_person innocent
intellect intellectual
juvenile_person juvenile
male_person male
go-between mediator
intermediator mediator
intermediary mediator
intercessor mediator
money_dealer money_handler
subject national
equal peer
match peer
compeer peer
percipient perceiver
observer perceiver
beholder perceiver
forerunner precursor
preteenager preteen
primitive_person primitive
lottery_winner prize_winner
receiver recipient
booking_clerk ticket_agent
traveller traveler
unfortunate_person unfortunate
persona_non_grata unwelcome_person
disagreeable_person unpleasant_person
offender wrongdoer
Afrikander afrikaner
Boer afrikaner
Indo-European aryan
person_of_colour person_of_color
Black_person black
blackamoor black
Negro black
Negroid black
Negroid_race black_race
Negro_race black_race
African_American african-american
Afro-American african-american
Black_American african-american
colored colored_person
darkie darky
darkey darky
nigga nigger
spade nigger
coon nigger
jigaboo nigger
nigra nigger
Uncle_Tom tom
White_person white
Caucasian white
White_people white_race
Caucasoid_race white_race
Caucasian_race white_race
Abkhazian abkhaz
Abkhas abkhaz
Abkhasian abkhaz
Chaldaean chaldean
Chaldee chaldean
Cassite kassite
poor_white_trash white_trash
honky whitey
honkey whitey
honkie whitey
white_Anglo-Saxon_Protestant wasp
Asiatic asian
cooly coolie
oriental_person oriental
Mongoloid_race yellow_race
Mongolian_race yellow_race
slant-eye gook
Ewenki evenki
Mongolian mongol
Votyak udmurt
Tartar tatar
Mongol_Tatar tatar
Native_American amerindian
American_Indian indian
Red_Indian indian
Abenaki abnaki
Algonkin algonkian
Algonquin algonquian
Attacapan atakapa
Athapascan athapaskan
Athabaskan athapaskan
Athabascan athapaskan
Amerindian_race indian_race
Maya mayan
Zapotecan zapotec
Buffalo_Indian plains_indian
Arapahoe arapaho
Aricara arikara
Cocopah cocopa
Gros_Ventre hidatsa
Hoka hokan
Ioway iowa
Kalapuya kalapooia
Calapooya kalapooia
Calapuya kalapooia
Kansas kansa
Kiliwi kiliwa
Massachusetts massachuset
Menominee menomini
Mikmaq micmac
Mojave mohave
Mahican mohican
Muskogean muskhogean
Navajo navaho
Ogalala oglala
Ojibway ojibwa
Chippewa ojibwa
Maha omaha
Otoe oto
Piute paiute
Ponka ponca
Injun redskin
red_man redskin
Santee_Sioux santee
Santee_Dakota santee
Eastern_Sioux santee
Sac sauk
Sahaptin shahaptian
Sahaptino shahaptian
Shoshoni shoshone
Siouan sioux
Lakota teton
Teton_Sioux teton
Teton_Dakota teton
Hualapai walapai
Hualpai walapai
Yucateco yucatec
Canarese kanarese
Kotar kota
Gujerati gujarati
Panjabi punjabi
Mahratta maratha
Abo aborigine
Aboriginal aborigine
native_Australian aborigine
Australian_Aborigine aborigine
Slavic_race slavic_people
Dunkard dunker
Tunker dunker
Second_Adventist adventist
non-Jew gentile
goy gentile
Quaker friend
Uniate uniat
Uniate_Christian uniat
Hebrew jew
Israelite jew
hymie kike
sheeny kike
yid kike
Moslem muslim
Shi'ite shiite
Shiite_Muslim shiite
Shi'ite_Muslim shiite
Shia_Muslim shiite
Sunni sunnite
Sunni_Muslim sunnite
Hindoo hindu
Rasta rastafarian
Kelt celt
Salian salian_frank
Afghanistani afghan
Pashtun pathan
Pushtun pathan
Pashtoon pathan
Aussie australian
Bahreini bahraini
Chiluba luba
Bechuana tswana
Batswana tswana
Watutsi tutsi
Watusi tutsi
Bermudian bermudan
Bhutani bhutanese
Belorussian byelorussian
White_Russian byelorussian
Kampuchean cambodian
Cewa chewa
Chichewa chewa
Chinaman chink
Cypriote cypriot
Cyprian cypriot
Czechoslovak czechoslovakian
Czech czechoslovakian
Dutch_people dutch
Ecuadoran ecuadorian
Salvadorian salvadoran
Salvadorean salvadoran
Briton britisher
Brit britisher
Langobard lombard
John_Bull limey
pom pommy
Scouser liverpudlian
Fula fulani
Fulah fulani
Fellata fulani
Fulbe fulani
Cheremiss cheremis
Mari cheremis
Inger ingrian
Ingerman ingrian
Carelian karelian
Khanty ostyak
Mordvin mordva
Mordvinian mordva
Ostyak-Samoyed selkup
Vepse veps
Vepsian veps
Mansi vogul
Frenchwoman frenchman
French_person frenchman
Gaul frog
Angevine angevin
Hellene greek
Achaian achaean
Eolian aeolian
Malayan malay
Dutchman netherlander
Hollander netherlander
Palestinian_Arab palestinian
Hindoo hindu
Hindustani hindu
Miao hmong
Magyar hungarian
Iranian irani
Persian irani
Iraki iraqi
Irelander irish_person
Mick paddy
Mickey paddy
dago wop
ginzo wop
Guinea wop
greaseball wop
Nipponese japanese
Nip jap
Laotian lao
Lapplander lapp
Sami lapp
Saami lapp
Same lapp
Saame lapp
Latino latin_american
spik spic
spick spic
Luxembourger luxemburger
Maldivan maldivian
wetback greaser
taco greaser
Mexicano mexican-american
Nepali nepalese
Kiwi new_zealander
Haussa hausa
Norseman norwegian
Norse norwegian
bluenose nova_scotian
Carib_Indian carib
Kechua quechua
Inka inca
Incan inca
Katari qatari
Rumanian romanian
Saudi_Arabian saudi
Arabian arab
Norse scandinavian
Northman scandinavian
Scotsman scot
Scotchman scot
Scotchwoman scotswoman
Singhalese sinhalese
British_people british
Brits british
English_people english
Irish_people irish
French_people french
Spanish_people spanish
Swiss_people swiss
Tadzhik tajik
Tai thai
Siamese thai
Ottoman_Turk ottoman
Osmanli ottoman
Kazakh kazak
Kirgiz kirghiz
Khirghiz kirghiz
Turkmen turkoman
Turcoman turkoman
Uigur uighur
Uygur uighur
Uzbeg uzbek
Uzbak uzbek
Usbek uzbek
Usbeg uzbek
Evenk tungus
Khalka khalkha
Kalka khalkha
Alabamian alabaman
Alaskan_Native alaska_native
Native_Alaskan alaska_native
Arizonian arizonan
Arkansawyer arkansan
Delawarian delawarean
Hoosier indianan
Bluegrass_Stater kentuckian
Louisianian louisianan
Down_Easter mainer
Wolverine michigander
Gopher minnesotan
Cornhusker nebraskan
Granite_Stater new_hampshirite
New_Jerseyite new_jerseyan
Garden_Stater new_jerseyan
Tarheel north_carolinian
Buckeye ohioan
Sooner oklahoman
Beaver oregonian
Keystone_Stater pennsylvanian
Volunteer tennessean
Badger wisconsinite
Yank yankee
Yankee-Doodle yankee
Annamese vietnamese
Welsh welshman
Cambrian welshman
Cymry welshman
Krauthead kraut
Boche kraut
Jerry kraut
Hun kraut
Somali somalian
Dardan trojan
Dardanian trojan
Jugoslav yugoslav
Yugoslavian yugoslav
Jugoslavian yugoslav
Serb serbian
Croat croatian
Zairean zairese
Ram aries
Bull taurus
Twin gemini
Crab cancer
Lion leo
Virgin virgo
Balance libra
Scorpion scorpio
Archer sagittarius
Goat capricorn
Water_Bearer aquarius
Fish pisces
mother_superior abbess
prioress abbess
archimandrite abbot
loather abominator
abbreviator abridger
abstracter abstractor
abetter abettor
able-bodied_seaman able_seaman
emancipationist abolitionist
rappeller abseiler
abstinent abstainer
nondrinker abstainer
ascetic abstainer
abstract_artist abstractionist
maltreater abuser
academic academician
faculty_member academician
schoolman academician
accessary accessory
accompanyist accompanist
confederate accomplice
comptroller accountant
controller accountant
account_representative account_executive
registered_representative account_executive
customer's_broker account_executive
customer's_man account_executive
suspect defendant
adept ace
champion ace
sensation ace
maven ace
mavin ace
virtuoso ace
genius ace
hotshot ace
star ace
superstar ace
whiz ace
whizz ace
wizard ace
wiz ace
winner achiever
success achiever
succeeder achiever
friend acquaintance
histrion actor
player actor
thespian actor
role_player actor
doer actor
worker actor
theatrical_agent actor's_agent
nut addict
freak addict
junkie addict
junky addict
adjustor adjuster
claims_adjuster adjuster
claims_adjustor adjuster
claim_agent adjuster
aide adjutant
aide-de-camp adjutant
executive administrator
decision_maker administrator
full_admiral admiral
adorer admirer
monitor admonisher
reminder admonisher
stripling adolescent
teenager adolescent
teen adolescent
adopter adoptive_parent
fornicator adulterer
fornicatress adulteress
hussy adulteress
jade adulteress
loose_woman adulteress
slut adulteress
strumpet adulteress
trollop adulteress
antagonist adversary
opponent adversary
opposer adversary
resister adversary
hostile_witness adverse_witness
advertizer advertiser
adman advertiser
advisor adviser
consultant adviser
advocator advocate
proponent advocate
exponent advocate
counsel advocate
counselor advocate
counsellor advocate
counselor-at-law advocate
pleader advocate
factor agent
broker agent
provocateur agent_provocateur
annoyance aggravator
fomenter agitator
doubter agnostic
agricultural_labourer agricultural_laborer
agriculturalist agriculturist
cultivator agriculturist
grower agriculturist
raiser agriculturist
auxiliary aide
aircraftman aircraftsman
commander air_force_officer
sky_marshal air_marshal
air_traveller air_traveler
alky alcoholic
dipsomaniac alcoholic
boozer alcoholic
lush alcoholic
soaker alcoholic
souse alcoholic
Aleutian aleut
grantee alienee
aliterate_person aliterate
allegoriser allegorizer
distributor allocator
all_arounder all-rounder
friend ally
medical_social_worker almoner
alphabetiser alphabetizer
altoist alto_saxophonist
alumna alumnus
alum alumnus
graduate alumnus
grad alumnus
virago amazon
embassador ambassador
friend_of_the_court amicus_curiae
amnesiac amnesic
analphabetic analphabet
psychoanalyst analyst
securities_analyst financial_analyst
nihilist anarchist
syndicalist anarchist
bete_noire anathema
ascendant ancestor
ascendent ancestor
antecedent ancestor
root ancestor
anchorman anchor
anchorperson anchor
antediluvian ancient
raconteur anecdotist
anesthetist anesthesiologist
anaesthetist anesthesiologist
backer angel
troller angler
anglophil anglophile
anorectic anorexic
antediluvian_patriarch antediluvian
ape anthropoid
anticipant anticipator
antiquarian antiquary
archaist antiquary
Jew-baiter anti-semite
vindicator apologist
justifier apologist
Apostelic_Father apostle
plaintiff_in_error appellant
bootlicker apple_polisher
fawner apple_polisher
groveller apple_polisher
groveler apple_polisher
truckler apple_polisher
oceanaut aquanaut
aspirer aspirant
hopeful aspirant
wannabe aspirant
wannabee aspirant
learner apprentice
prentice apprentice
valuator appraiser
authenticator appraiser
Aramaean aramean
Arawakan arawak
arbitrator arbiter
umpire arbiter
arbitrager arbitrageur
arb arbitrageur
supreme_authority arbiter
archaeologist archeologist
bowman archer
designer architect
hierarch archpriest
high_priest archpriest
prelate archpriest
primate archpriest
blue_blood aristocrat
patrician aristocrat
Aristotelean aristotelian
Peripatetic aristotelian
armor-bearer armiger
armourer armorer
artificer armorer
armourer armorer
military_engineer army_engineer
adapter arranger
transcriber arranger
arriver arrival
comer arrival
incendiary arsonist
firebug arsonist
cannoneer artilleryman
gunner artilleryman
machine_gunner artilleryman
creative_person artist
sitter artist's_model
assassinator assassin
bravo assassin
declarer asserter
affirmer asserter
asseverator asserter
avower asserter
bastard asshole
cocksucker asshole
dickhead asshole
shit asshole
mother_fucker asshole
motherfucker asshole
prick asshole
whoreson asshole
son_of_a_bitch asshole
SOB asshole
helper assistant
help assistant
supporter assistant
astrologist astrologer
spaceman astronaut
cosmonaut astronaut
uranologist astronomer
stargazer astronomer
cosmographist cosmographer
throwback atavist
jock athlete
aggressor attacker
assailant attacker
assaulter attacker
attender attendant
tender attendant
attestant attester
auspex augur
auntie aunt
aunty aunt
dictator authoritarian
authoriser authorizer
zombi automaton
zombie automaton
auto-mechanic automobile_mechanic
car-mechanic automobile_mechanic
mechanic automobile_mechanic
grease_monkey automobile_mechanic
retaliator avenger
aeronaut aviator
airman aviator
flier aviator
flyer aviator
airwoman aviatrix
aviatress aviatrix
baboo babu
babe baby
sister baby
babe baby
infant baby
boomer baby_boomer
buster baby_buster
pediatrician baby_doctor
pediatrist baby_doctor
paediatrician baby_doctor
baby_minder babyminder
minder babyminder
baby-sitter babysitter
sitter babysitter
bacchanal bacchant
unmarried_man bachelor
bachelorette bachelor_girl
packer backpacker
brain_truster backroom_boy
old_bag bag
bread_maker baker
baldpate baldhead
baldy baldhead
baulker balker
noncompliant balker
ball-breaker ball-buster
runner ball_carrier
danseuse ballerina
baseball_player ballplayer
toreador bullfighter
brigand bandit
insolvent bankrupt
barytone baritone
stunt_flier barnstormer
stunt_pilot barnstormer
playactor barnstormer
play-actor barnstormer
trouper barnstormer
big_businessman baron
business_leader baron
king baron
magnate baron
mogul baron
power baron
top_executive baron
tycoon baron
Bart baronet
barrater barrator
barman bartender
barkeep bartender
barkeeper bartender
mixologist bartender
baseball_manager baseball_coach
runner base_runner
basketeer basketball_player
cager basketball_player
basketmaker basketweaver
basso bass
by-blow bastard
love_child bastard
illegitimate_child bastard
illegitimate bastard
whoreson bastard
tacker baster
twirler baton_twirler
hitter batter
slugger batter
batsman batter
battle-axe battle-ax
bedesman beadsman
wolf beast
savage beast
brute beast
wildcat beast
beat beatnik
cosmetician beautician
Beduin bedouin
bed_wetter bedwetter
wetter bedwetter
apiarist beekeeper
apiculturist beekeeper
ale_drinker beer_drinker
mendicant beggar
beldame beldam
worshiper believer
worshipper believer
Tao taoist
truster believer
bellman bellboy
bellhop bellboy
exotic_belly_dancer belly_dancer
exotic_dancer belly_dancer
dear beloved
dearest beloved
honey beloved
love beloved
benedict benedick
donee beneficiary
bereaved_person bereaved
berserk berserker
topper best
better bettor
wagerer bettor
punter bettor
bar_girl b-girl
booklover bibliophile
book_lover bibliophile
bibliopolist bibliopole
big_gun big_shot
big_wheel big_shot
big_cheese big_shot
big_deal big_shot
big_enchilada big_shot
big_fish big_shot
head_honcho big_shot
bilingualist bilingual
poster bill_poster
bill_sticker bill_poster
life_scientist biologist
birder bird_watcher
birth-control_reformer birth-control_campaigner
bisexual_person bisexual
extortioner blackmailer
extortionist blackmailer
chargeman blaster
blonde blond
navy_man bluejacket
sailor bluejacket
sailor_boy bluejacket
bas_bleu bluestocking
four-flusher bluffer
boater boatman
waterman boatman
bos'n boatswain
bo's'n boatswain
bosun boatswain
bo'sun boatswain
bobby-socker bobbysoxer
muscle_builder bodybuilder
muscle-builder bodybuilder
musclebuilder bodybuilder
muscleman bodybuilder
escort bodyguard
Marxist bolshevik
red bolshevik
bolshie bolshevik
bolshy bolshevik
Bolshevist bolshevik
bondsman bondman
bondsman bondman
bondswoman bondwoman
bondmaid bondwoman
bondswoman bondwoman
bondmaid bondwoman
bondswoman bondsman
book_seller bookdealer
booking_agent booker
bookie bookmaker
shoplifter booster
lifter booster
shoeblack bootblack
moonshiner bootlegger
boot_maker bootmaker
dullard bore
hirer boss
phytologist botanist
plant_scientist botanist
chucker-out bouncer
leaper bounder
burgher bourgeois
pugilist boxer
slogger slugger
lad cub
laddie cub
sonny cub
sonny_boy cub
fellow boyfriend
beau boyfriend
swain boyfriend
young_man boyfriend
braggart bragger
boaster bragger
blowhard bragger
line-shooter bragger
vaunter bragger
brahmin brahman
brahmin brahman
brain-worker brainworker
ledgeman breaker
stock_breeder breeder
beer_maker brewer
suborner briber
maid_of_honor bridesmaid
hand bridge_player
brigadier_general brigadier
broth_of_a_man broth_of_a_boy
blood_brother brother
comrade brother
Brummy brummie
brunette brunet
brother buddy
chum buddy
crony buddy
pal buddy
sidekick buddy
constructor builder
bruiser bull
strapper bull
Samson bull
cop bull
copper bull
fuzz bull
pig bull
tough bully
hooligan bully
ruffian bully
roughneck bully
rowdy bully
yob bully
yobo bully
yobbo bully
blunderer bungler
fumbler bungler
bumbler bungler
stumbler bungler
sad_sack bungler
botcher bungler
butcher bungler
fuckup bungler
bunny_girl bunny
administrative_official bureaucrat
burgher burgess
waiter's_assistant busboy
man_of_affairs businessman
bourgeois businessperson
bus_driver busman
bronco_buster buster
broncobuster buster
nosy-parker busybody
nosey-parker busybody
quidnunc busybody
dike butch
dyke butch
slaughterer butcher
meatman butcher
pantryman butler
goat butt
laughingstock butt
stooge butt
purchaser buyer
emptor buyer
vendee buyer
Kabbalist cabalist
kabbalist cabalist
furniture_maker cabinetmaker
bounder cad
blackguard cad
dog cad
hound cad
heel cad
golf_caddie caddie
plebe cadet
caffein_addict caffeine_addict
reckoner calculator
figurer calculator
estimator calculator
computer calculator
calif caliph
kaliph caliph
kalif caliph
khalif caliph
khalifah caliph
company caller
caller-up caller
phoner caller
telephoner caller
caller-out caller
calligraphist calligrapher
Genevan calvinist
camera_operator cameraman
cinematographer cameraman
candidate campaigner
nominee campaigner
prospect candidate
man-eater cannibal
anthropophagus cannibal
anthropophagite cannibal
fodder cannon_fodder
fresh_fish cannon_fodder
paddler canoeist
hazan cantor
headwaiter captain
maitre_d'hotel captain
maitre_d' captain
senior_pilot captain
skipper captain
police_captain captain
police_chief captain
chieftain captain
carabineer carbineer
carabinier carbineer
heart_specialist cardiologist
heart_surgeon cardiologist
card_sharp cardsharp
cardsharper cardsharp
card_sharper cardsharp
sharper cardsharp
sharpie cardsharp
sharpy cardsharp
card_shark cardsharp
caroller caroler
Carlovingian carolingian
niggler carper
immune_carrier carrier
newsboy carrier
bearer carrier
toter carrier
map_maker cartographer
shipwreck_survivor castaway
injured_party casualty
sophist casuist
cataloguer cataloger
match catch
backstop catcher
neophyte catechumen
cow_man cattleman
beef_man cattleman
Royalist cavalier
chevalier cavalier
trooper cavalryman
trooper cavalryman
cave_man caveman
cave_dweller caveman
troglodyte caveman
celebrator celebrant
celebrater celebrant
famous_person celebrity
violoncellist cellist
enumerator census_taker
snapper center
middle_of_the_roader centrist
moderate centrist
moderationist centrist
CPA certified_public_accountant
tsatske chachka
tshatshke chachka
tchotchke chachka
tchotchkeleh chachka
Chaldaean chaldean
Chaldee chaldean
fille_de_chambre chambermaid
fighter champion
hero champion
paladin champion
champ champion
title-holder champion
premier chancellor
prime_minister chancellor
PM prime_minister
premier prime_minister
Chancellor chancellor_of_the_exchequer
fellow chap
feller chap
fella chap
lad chap
gent chap
blighter chap
cuss chap
bloke chap
chaperone chaperon
eccentric character
type character
case character
beguiler charmer
technical_analyst chartist
char charwoman
cleaning_woman charwoman
cleaning_lady charwoman
woman charwoman
babbler chatterer
prater chatterer
chatterbox chatterer
magpie chatterer
spouter chatterer
jingoist chauvinist
jingo chauvinist
flag-waver chauvinist
hundred-percenter chauvinist
patrioteer chauvinist
sexist male_chauvinist
tightwad cheapskate
hatcheck_girl check_girl
Khufu cheops
CEO chief_executive_officer
chief_operating_officer chief_executive_officer
CFO chief_financial_officer
kid child
youngster child
minor child
shaver child
nipper child
small_fry child
tiddler child
tike child
tyke child
fry child
nestling child
kid child
baby child
infant_prodigy child_prodigy
wonder_child child_prodigy
chimneysweep chimneysweeper
sweep chimneysweeper
foot_doctor chiropodist
podiatrist chiropodist
precentor choirmaster
cantor choirmaster
showgirl chorus_girl
chorine chorus_girl
fool chump
gull chump
mark chump
patsy chump
fall_guy chump
sucker chump
soft_touch chump
mug chump
Father_of_the_Church church_father
Father church_father
church_member churchgoer
cypher cipher
nobody cipher
nonentity cipher
city_boy city_slicker
civil_leader civic_leader
civil_rights_worker civil_rights_leader
civil_rights_activist civil_rights_leader
applauder clapper
clarinettist clarinetist
classical_scholar classicist
dry_cleaner cleaner
reverend clergyman
man_of_the_cloth clergyman
churchman cleric
divine cleric
ecclesiastic cleric
clever_clogs clever_dick
furrier cloakmaker
clockmaker clocksmith
finisher closer
haberdasher clothier
buffoon clown
goof clown
goofball clown
merry_andrew clown
buffoon clown
private_instructor coach
tutor coach
manager coach
handler coach
collier coal_miner
pitman coal_miner
joint_author coauthor
shoemaker cobbler
co-defendant codefendant
windtalker codetalker
old_codger codger
college_girl co-ed
minter coiner
moneyer coiner
cooperator collaborator
partner collaborator
pardner collaborator
collaborationist collaborator
quisling collaborator
confrere colleague
fellow colleague
co-worker colleague
fellow_worker colleague
workfellow colleague
gatherer collector
accumulator collector
aggregator collector
university_student college_student
college_man collegian
college_boy collegian
Blimp colonel_blimp
coloniser colonizer
coloratura_soprano coloratura
standard-bearer color_bearer
behemoth colossus
giant colossus
heavyweight colossus
titan colossus
editorialist columnist
battler combatant
belligerent combatant
fighter combatant
scrapper combatant
comic comedian
ianfu comfort_woman
generalissimo commander_in_chief
commandant commanding_officer
commander commanding_officer
ranger commando
reviewer commentator
political_commissar commissar
councillor council_member
commie communist
comrade companion
fellow companion
familiar companion
associate companion
fellow_traveler companion
fellow_traveller companion
typesetter compositor
setter compositor
typographer compositor
computer_guru computer_expert
music_lover concert-goer
concessioner concessionaire
make-peace conciliator
pacifier conciliator
peacemaker conciliator
reconciler conciliator
courtesan concubine
doxy concubine
paramour concubine
music_director conductor
director conductor
candymaker confectioner
collaborator confederate
henchman confederate
partner_in_crime confederate
intimate confidant
con_man confidence_man
con_artist confidence_man
defrauder swindler
chiseller swindler
chiseler swindler
gouger swindler
scammer swindler
grifter swindler
Confucianist confucian
congresswoman congressman
representative congressman
cognoscente connoisseur
vanquisher conqueror
CO conscientious_objector
conservativist conservative
recusant nonconformist
chapelgoer nonconformist
consignor consigner
coconspirator conspirator
plotter conspirator
machinator conspirator
police_constable constable
hard_hat construction_worker
lunger consumptive
tubercular consumptive
middleman contact
coeval contemporary
declarer contractor
conversationist conversationalist
schmoozer conversationalist
conveyor conveyer
con convict
inmate convict
yard_bird convict
yardbird convict
cooky cookie
barrel_maker cooper
co-pilot copilot
imitator copycat
emulator copycat
ape copycat
aper copycat
copyreader copy_editor
text_editor copy_editor
scribe copyist
scrivener copyist
flirt coquette
vamp coquette
vamper coquette
minx coquette
tease coquette
prickteaser coquette
co-respondent corespondent
medical_examiner coroner
business_executive corporate_executive
letter_writer correspondent
newspaperman correspondent
newspaperwoman correspondent
newswriter correspondent
pressman correspondent
Barbary_pirate corsair
plastic_surgeon cosmetic_surgeon
cosmopolite cosmopolitan
barrow-man costermonger
barrow-boy costermonger
costumer costumier
costume_designer costumier
cottage_dweller cottager
cottier cotter
cottar cotter
counsellor counselor
counsellor counselor
counterwoman counterperson
counterman counterperson
counter-revolutionist counterrevolutionist
counterrevolutionary counterrevolutionist
mole counterspy
ruralist countryman
agricultural_agent county_agent
extension_agent county_agent
first_cousin cousin
cousin-german cousin
full_cousin cousin
fashion_designer couturier
clothes_designer couturier
designer couturier
pin-up cover_girl
lovely cover_girl
cowpuncher cowboy
puncher cowboy
cowman cowboy
cattleman cowboy
cowpoke cowboy
cowhand cowboy
cowherd cowboy
rodeo_rider cowboy
buckaroo vaquero
buckeroo vaquero
cockscomb coxcomb
cox coxswain
crabby_person crab
binger crack_addict
crank crackpot
nut crackpot
nut_case crackpot
fruitcake crackpot
screwball crackpot
artisan craftsman
journeyman craftsman
artificer craftsman
crafter craftsman
creeper crawler
loony crazy
looney crazy
nutcase crazy
weirdo crazy
wight creature
tool creature
puppet creature
weirdo creep
weirdie creep
weirdy creep
spook creep
crew_member crewman
felon criminal
crook criminal
outlaw criminal
malefactor criminal
crimper crimp
balladeer crooner
cross-questioner cross-examiner
crossover crossover_voter
cryptographer cryptanalyst
cryptologist cryptanalyst
greenhorn cub
rookie cub
bitch cunt
minister_of_religion curate
minister curate
parson curate
pastor curate
rector curate
conservator curator
keeper custodian
steward custodian
client customer
carver cutter
bionic_man cyborg
bionic_woman cyborg
bicyclist cyclist
bicycler cyclist
wheeler cyclist
faultfinder cynic
tsar czar
tzar czar
tsarina czarina
tzarina czarina
czaritza czarina
tsaritsa czarina
dilettante dabbler
sciolist dabbler
dakoit dacoit
dada dad
daddy dad
pa dad
papa dad
pappa dad
pop dad
milkmaid dairymaid
dairy_farmer dairyman
Grand_Lama dalai_lama
dillydallier dallier
dilly-dallier dallier
mope dallier
lounger dallier
doll dame
wench dame
skirt dame
chick dame
bird dame
demoiselle damsel
damoiselle damsel
damosel damsel
damozel damsel
madam dame
ma'am dame
lady dame
gentlewoman dame
professional_dancer dancer
terpsichorean dancer
social_dancer dancer
dance_master dancing-master
dude dandy
fop dandy
gallant dandy
sheik dandy
beau dandy
swell dandy
fashion_plate dandy
clotheshorse dandy
danseur_noble danseur
madcap daredevil
hothead daredevil
swashbuckler daredevil
lunatic daredevil
harum-scarum daredevil
favorite darling
favourite darling
pet darling
dearie darling
deary darling
ducky darling
escort date
girl daughter
drone dawdler
laggard dawdler
lagger dawdler
trailer dawdler
poke dawdler
woolgatherer daydreamer
stargazer lotus-eater
day_labourer day_laborer
Protestant_deacon deacon
dead_soul dead_person
deceased_person dead_person
deceased dead_person
decedent dead_person
departed dead_person
decipherer decoder
steerer decoy
doyen dean
degrader debaser
arguer debater
debitor debtor
deb debutante
cheat deceiver
cheater deceiver
trickster deceiver
beguiler deceiver
slicker deceiver
roustabout deckhand
ornamentalist decorator
maligner defamer
slanderer defamer
vilifier defamer
libeler defamer
backbiter defamer
traducer defamer
deadbeat defaulter
negativist defeatist
voider defecator
shitter defecator
defense_lawyer defense_attorney
freethinker deist
juvenile_delinquent delinquent
delivery_boy deliveryman
deliverer deliveryman
demagog demagogue
rabble-rouser demagogue
superman demigod
Ubermensch demigod
populist democrat
demographist demographer
population_scientist demographer
protester demonstrator
sales_demonstrator demonstrator
denturist dental_technician
tooth_doctor dentist
dental_practitioner dentist
leaver departer
goer departer
dependent dependant
lieutenant deputy
deputy_sheriff deputy
surrogate deputy
skin_doctor dermatologist
descendent descendant
defector deserter
apostate deserter
renegade deserter
turncoat deserter
recreant deserter
ratter deserter
intriguer designer
hotel_desk_clerk desk_clerk
hotel_clerk desk_clerk
deskman desk_sergeant
station_keeper desk_sergeant
desperate_criminal desperado
ruiner destroyer
undoer destroyer
waster destroyer
uprooter destroyer
political_detainee detainee
investigator detective
tec detective
police_detective detective
disparager detractor
depreciator detractor
knocker detractor
pathologist diagnostician
diary_keeper diarist
journalist diarist
gumshoe dick
hawkshaw dick
potentate dictator
dietitian dietician
nutritionist dietician
diesinker diemaker
die-sinker diemaker
discriminator differentiator
nitwit dimwit
half-wit dimwit
doofus dimwit
restaurant_attendant dining-room_attendant
diplomatist diplomat
manager director
managing_director director
theater_director director
theatre_director director
DCI director_of_central_intelligence
nonbeliever disbeliever
unbeliever disbeliever
adherent disciple
unraveler disentangler
unraveller disentangler
disc_jockey disk_jockey
dj disk_jockey
DP displaced_person
stateless_person displaced_person
dissident dissenter
protester dissenter
objector dissenter
contestant dissenter
distributer distributor
DA district_attorney
mud_digger ditch_digger
plunger diver
frogman diver
underwater_diver diver
grass_widow divorcee
ex ex-wife
doc doctor
physician doctor
MD doctor
Dr. doctor
medico doctor
Dr. doctor
Doctor doctor_of_the_church
fox dodger
slyboots dodger
fogy dodo
fogey dodo
fossil dodo
doctrinaire dogmatist
domestic_help domestic
house_servant domestic
significant_other domestic_partner
spousal_equivalent domestic_partner
spouse_equivalent domestic_partner
dominie dominus
domine dominus
dominee dominus
father don
giver donor
presenter donor
bestower donor
conferrer donor
doorman doorkeeper
door_guard doorkeeper
hall_porter doorkeeper
porter doorkeeper
gatekeeper doorkeeper
ostiary doorkeeper
ostiary doorkeeper
ostiarius doorkeeper
street_person dosser
image double
look-alike double
double-dealer double-crosser
two-timer double-crosser
betrayer double-crosser
traitor double-crosser
peacenik dove
draft_evader draft_dodger
conscript draftee
inductee draftee
drawer draftsman
draughtsman draftsman
draftsperson draftsman
tartar dragon
lobsterback redcoat
theater_critic drama_critic
playwright dramatist
draw drawing_card
attraction drawing_card
attractor drawing_card
attracter drawing_card
actor's_assistant dresser
modiste dressmaker
needlewoman dressmaker
seamstress dressmaker
sempstress dressmaker
driveller dribbler
slobberer dribbler
drooler dribbler
drill_instructor drill_master
imbiber drinker
toper drinker
juicer drinker
jabberer driveller
peon drudge
navvy drudge
galley_slave drudge
junkie drug_addict
junky drug_addict
drug_lord drug_baron
substance_abuser drug_user
user drug_user
majorette drum_majorette
majorette drum_majorette
drunk drunkard
rummy drunkard
sot drunkard
inebriate drunkard
wino drunkard
Druse druze
prohibitionist dry
dueller dueler
duelist dueler
duellist dueler
dummy dumbbell
dope dumbbell
boob dumbbell
booby dumbbell
pinhead dumbbell
silent_person dummy
dunderhead dunce
numskull dunce
blockhead dunce
bonehead dunce
lunkhead dunce
hammerhead dunce
knucklehead dunce
loggerhead dunce
muttonhead dunce
shithead dunce
dumbass dunce
fuckhead dunce
midget dwarf
nanus dwarf
dynamitist dynamiter
busy_bee eager_beaver
live_wire eager_beaver
sharpie eager_beaver
sharpy eager_beaver
ear_specialist ear_doctor
otologist ear_doctor
wage_earner earner
feeder eater
eccentric_person eccentric
flake eccentric
oddball eccentric
geek eccentric
eclecticist eclectic
econometrist econometrician
economic_expert economist
economiser economizer
editor_in_chief editor
educationalist educationist
pedagogue educator
pedagog educator
effector effecter
efficiency_engineer efficiency_expert
equalitarian egalitarian
egoist egocentric
egoist egotist
swellhead egotist
senior elder
elder_hand eldest_hand
lineman electrician
linesman electrician
elevator_boy elevator_man
liftman elevator_man
manumitter emancipator
defalcator embezzler
peculator embezzler
emigre emigrant
emigree emigrant
outgoer emigrant
amir emir
emeer emir
ameer emir
envoy emissary
conjuror conjurer
conjure_man conjurer
witch enchantress
temptress enchantress
siren enchantress
Delilah enchantress
femme_fatale enchantress
encyclopaedist encyclopedist
foe enemy
foeman enemy
opposition enemy
energiser energizer
vitalizer energizer
vitaliser energizer
animator energizer
corner_man end_man
indorser endorser
locomotive_engineer engineer
railroad_engineer engineer
engine_driver engineer
English_professor english_teacher
oenophile enophile
ear-nose-and-throat_doctor ent_man
otolaryngologist ent_man
otorhinolaryngologist ent_man
rhinolaryngologist ent_man
partisan enthusiast
partizan enthusiast
bugologist entomologist
bug-hunter entomologist
enterpriser entrepreneur
conservationist environmentalist
envoy_extraordinary envoy
minister_plenipotentiary envoy
gourmet epicure
gastronome epicure
bon_vivant epicure
epicurean epicure
foodie epicure
epigon epigone
dreamer escapist
wishful_thinker escapist
escape_expert escapologist
Esquimau eskimo
Inuit eskimo
Esq esquire
litterateur essayist
aesthete esthete
aesthetician esthetician
aesthetician esthetician
ethician ethicist
aetiologist etiologist
castrate eunuch
judge evaluator
revivalist evangelist
gospeler evangelist
gospeller evangelist
inspector examiner
tester examiner
quizzer examiner
money_changer exchanger
public_executioner executioner
executive_director executive
exhibitioner exhibitor
shower exhibitor
show-off exhibitionist
flasher exhibitionist
deportee exile
expatriate exile
expat exile
existentialist_philosopher existentialist
existential_philosopher existentialist
exorciser exorcist
user exploiter
adventurer explorer
expounder expositor
bowdlerizer expurgator
bowdleriser expurgator
terminator exterminator
eradicator exterminator
medical_extern extern
extravert extrovert
faggot fagot
fag fagot
fairy fagot
nance fagot
pansy fagot
queen fagot
queer fagot
poof fagot
poove fagot
pouf fagot
fakeer fakir
faqir fakir
faquir fakir
phalangist falangist
hawker falconer
buff fan
devotee fan
lover fan
fiend fanatic
enthusiast fancier
paramour fancy_man
futurist fantast
husbandman farmer
granger farmer
sodbuster farmer
fieldhand farmhand
field_hand farmhand
farm_worker farmhand
horseshoer farrier
fashionmonger fashion_consultant
determinist fatalist
predestinarian fatalist
predestinationist fatalist
male_parent father
begetter father
Padre father
father_surrogate father_figure
fatty fatso
fat_person fatso
roly-poly fatso
butterball fatso
Little_Lord_Fauntleroy fauntleroy
fauvist fauve
dude fellow
buster fellow
fellow_traveller fellow_traveler
girl female_child
little_girl female_child
women's_rightist feminist
women's_liberationist feminist
libber feminist
swordsman fencer
seigneur feudal_lord
seignior feudal_lord
groom-to-be fiance
bride-to-be fiancee
fieldsman fielder
field_officer field-grade_officer
FO field-grade_officer
saboteur fifth_columnist
filing_clerk file_clerk
filer file_clerk
filibusterer filibuster
director film_director
filmmaker film_maker
film_producer film_maker
movie_maker film_maker
movie_star film_star
wangler finagler
minister_of_finance finance_minister
moneyman financier
discoverer finder
spotter finder
fingerprint_specialist fingerprint_expert
fingerprint_man fingerprint_expert
snitch fink
snitcher fink
stoolpigeon fink
stool_pigeon fink
stoolie fink
sneak fink
sneaker fink
canary fink
fire_marshal fire_chief
fire-swallower fire-eater
hothead fire-eater
firefighter fireman
fire_fighter fireman
fire-eater fireman
forest_fire_fighter fire_warden
ranger fire_warden
first_sacker first_baseman
eldest firstborn
1st_lieutenant first_lieutenant
sergeant_first_class first_sergeant
fisher fisherman
fishwife fishmonger
influence_peddler fixer
flak flak_catcher
flack_catcher flak_catcher
flack flak_catcher
flanker flanker_back
patrolman flatfoot
adulator flatterer
five-star_admiral fleet_admiral
foolish_woman flibbertigibbet
flyer flier
scourger flogger
shopwalker floorwalker
dud flop
washout flop
flunkey flunky
stooge flunky
yes-man flunky
flautist flutist
flute_player flutist
enemy foe
jongleur folk_singer
minstrel folk_singer
poet-singer folk_singer
troubadour folk_singer
sap fool
saphead fool
muggins fool
tomfool fool
footballer football_player
padder footpad
forbear forebear
predictor forecaster
prognosticator forecaster
soothsayer forecaster
father forefather
sire forefather
alien foreigner
noncitizen foreigner
outlander foreigner
secretary_of_state foreign_minister
outsider foreigner
chief foreman
gaffer foreman
honcho foreman
boss foreman
tree_farmer forester
arboriculturist forester
forelady forewoman
counterfeiter forger
fortune_teller fortuneteller
foster_brother foster-brother
foster_child foster-child
fosterling foster-child
foster_daughter foster-daughter
foster_father foster-father
foster_mother foster-mother
foster_parent foster-parent
foster_sister foster-sister
foster_son foster-son
beginner founder
founding_father founder
father founder
abandoned_infant foundling
Francophil francophile
dizygotic_twin fraternal_twin
monster freak
monstrosity freak
lusus_naturae freak
free_spirit free_agent
freewheeler free_agent
freedwoman freedman
freelance freelancer
free-lance freelancer
free_lance freelancer
independent freelancer
self-employed_person freelancer
freewoman freeman
Mason freemason
fresher freshman
mendicant friar
monastic monk
backwoodsman frontiersman
mountain_man frontiersman
front front_man
figurehead front_man
nominal_head front_man
straw_man front_man
strawman front_man
favorite front-runner
favourite front-runner
dog frump
fugitive_from_justice fugitive
runaway fugitive
fleer fugitive
tightrope_walker funambulist
gagster gagman
gagwriter gagman
standup_comedian gagman
weight_gainer gainer
Galilaean galilean
galvaniser galvanizer
inspirer galvanizer
galvaniser galvanizer
risk_taker gambler
game_warden gamekeeper
games-mistress games-master
mobster gangster
garbageman garbage_man
garbage_collector garbage_man
garbage_carter garbage_man
garbage_hauler garbage_man
refuse_collector garbage_man
dustman garbage_man
nurseryman gardener
garment-worker garmentmaker
garment_worker garmentmaker
garrotter garroter
strangler garroter
throttler garroter
choker garroter
windbag gasbag
crasher gatecrasher
unwelcome_guest gatecrasher
shirtlifter gay_man
geisha_girl geisha
full_general general
superior_general general
GP general_practitioner
source generator
author generator
primogenitor progenitor
mastermind genius
brain genius
brainiac genius
Einstein genius
geometrician geometer
geriatrician gerontologist
ghost ghostwriter
goliath giant
behemoth giant
monster giant
colossus giant
hulk giant
heavyweight giant
whale giant
miss girl
missy girl
young_lady girl
young_woman girl
fille girl
girl girlfriend
lady_friend girlfriend
Girondin girondist
glass-cutter glass_cutter
glassworker glass_cutter
glazier glass_cutter
glazer glass_cutter
glass-cutter glass_cutter
world_traveler globetrotter
gourmand glutton
gourmandizer glutton
trencherman glutton
goniff gonif
ganef gonif
ganof gonif
FBI_agent g-man
government_man g-man
goalie goalkeeper
goaltender goalkeeper
netkeeper goalkeeper
netminder goalkeeper
goatherd goat_herder
gopher goffer
whizz-kid go-getter
whiz-kid go-getter
ball_of_fire go-getter
gold-beater goldbeater
goof-off goldbrick
ne'er-do-well goldbrick
good-for-nothing goldbrick
no-account goldbrick
good-for-naught goldbrick
gold_digger gold_miner
gold_panner gold_miner
goldworker goldsmith
gold-worker goldsmith
golf_player golfer
linksman golfer
professional_golfer golf_pro
gondoliere gondolier
toast goner
good_ole_boy good_old_boy
good_ol'_boy good_old_boy
gossiper gossip
gossipmonger gossip
rumormonger gossip
rumourmonger gossip
newsmonger gossip
trained_nurse graduate_nurse
grad_student graduate_student
postgraduate graduate_student
syntactician grammarian
gramps grandfather
granddad grandfather
grandad grandfather
granddaddy grandfather
grandpa grandfather
grandmother grandma
granny grandma
grannie grandma
gran grandma
nan grandma
nanna grandma
designer graphic_designer
handwriting_expert graphologist
divorced_man grass_widower
ghoul graverobber
body_snatcher graverobber
grandaunt great-aunt
grandnephew great-nephew
grandniece great-niece
granduncle great-uncle
grenade_thrower grenadier
saluter greeter
welcomer greeter
bridegroom groom
bridegroom groom
grump grouch
crank grouch
churl grouch
crosspatch grouch
groundskeeper groundsman
groundkeeper groundsman
surety guarantor
warrantor guarantor
warranter guarantor
jailer prison_guard
jailor prison_guard
gaoler prison_guard
screw prison_guard
turnkey prison_guard
guerilla guerrilla
irregular guerrilla
insurgent guerrilla
invitee guest
guestworker guest_worker
guitar_player guitarist
guzzler gulper
gunslinger gunman
hired_gun gunman
gun gunman
gun_for_hire gunman
triggerman gunman
hit_man gunman
hitman gunman
torpedo gunman
shooter gunman
arms-runner gunrunner
cat guy
hombre guy
bozo guy
gynaecologist gynecologist
woman's_doctor gynecologist
Gipsy gypsy
Romany gypsy
Rommany gypsy
Romani gypsy
Roma gypsy
Bohemian gypsy
drudge hack
hacker hack
hack_writer hack
literary_hack hack
cyber-terrorist hacker
cyberpunk hacker
beldam hag
beldame hag
witch hag
crone hag
hagiographist hagiographer
hagiologist hagiographer
hairstylist hairdresser
stylist hairdresser
styler hairdresser
hadji hajji
haji hajji
hakeem hakim
goof fathead
goofball fathead
bozo fathead
jackass fathead
goose fathead
cuckoo fathead
twat fathead
zany fathead
ham_actor ham
handler animal_trainer
handmaiden handmaid
jack_of_all_trades handyman
odd-job_man handyman
harrier harasser
harmoniser harmonizer
harmoniser harmonizer
harper harpist
harpooneer harpooner
reaper harvester
back-number has-been
Hassid hasid
Chasid hasid
Chassid hasid
enforcer hatchet_man
iceman hatchet_man
hatter hatmaker
milliner hatmaker
modiste hatmaker
haulier hauler
war_hawk hawk
chief head
top_dog head
head-shrinker headhunter
star headliner
tribal_chief headman
chieftain headman
chief headman
schoolmaster headmaster
master headmaster
chief_of_state head_of_state
headman headsman
primary_care_provider health_professional
PCP health_professional
health_care_provider health_professional
caregiver health_professional
listener hearer
auditor hearer
attender hearer
hearing_officer hearing_examiner
pagan heathen
gentile heathen
infidel heathen
badgerer heckler
equivocator hedger
tergiversator hedger
pagan hedonist
pleasure_seeker hedonist
Homo_heidelbergensis heidelberg_man
inheritor heir
heritor heir
inheritress heiress
inheritrix heiress
heller hellion
devil hellion
hell-rooster hell-kite
gamecock hell-kite
steersman helmsman
steerer helmsman
helpmeet helpmate
haematologist hematologist
haemophiliac hemophiliac
bleeder hemophiliac
hemophile hemophiliac
haemophile hemophiliac
trumpeter herald
herb_doctor herbalist
herdsman herder
drover herder
misbeliever heretic
religious_outcast heretic
intersex hermaphrodite
gynandromorph hermaphrodite
androgyne hermaphrodite
epicene hermaphrodite
epicene_person hermaphrodite
recluse hermit
solitary hermit
solitudinarian hermit
troglodyte hermit
agonist protagonist
hero_worshipper hero_worshiper
heterosexual_person heterosexual
straight_person heterosexual
straight heterosexual
highflyer highflier
Scottish_Highlander highlander
Highland_Scot highlander
pooh-bah high-muck-a-muck
highwayman highjacker
hijacker highjacker
road_agent highjacker
hijacker highjacker
tramp hiker
tramper hiker
bushwhacker hillbilly
hippy hippie
hipster hippie
flower_child hippie
hand hired_hand
hired_man hired_hand
pensionary hireling
historiographer historian
striker hitter
limper hobbler
ice-hockey_player hockey_player
hodman hod_carrier
pig hog
bearer holder
hangover holdover
stickup_man holdup_man
home-builder homebuilder
housebuilder homebuilder
house-builder homebuilder
homeless_person homeless
homoeopath homeopath
householder homeowner
Secretary_of_State_for_the_Home_Department home_secretary
homophile homosexual
homo homosexual
gay homosexual
guard_of_honor honor_guard
hoodlum hood
goon hood
punk hood
thug hood
tough hood
toughie hood
strong-armer hood
stepper hoofer
horse_fancier horseman
equestrian horseman
horseback_rider horseman
wrangler horse_wrangler
plantsman horticulturist
innkeeper host
boniface host
surety hostage
hot_dog hotdog
house_detective hotel_detective
house_dick hotel_detective
hotelkeeper hotelier
hotel_manager hotelier
hotelman hotelier
hosteller hotelier
cat_burglar housebreaker
houseguest house_guest
househusband house_husband
resident house_physician
resident_physician house_physician
homemaker housewife
lady_of_the_house housewife
woman_of_the_house housewife
housebreaker housewrecker
cheap-jack huckster
humanitarian humanist
do-gooder humanitarian
improver humanitarian
humourist humorist
hunchback humpback
crookback humpback
huntsman hunter
hubby husband
married_man husband
ex ex-husband
wheeler_dealer hustler
operator hustler
hypnotizer hypnotist
hypnotiser hypnotist
mesmerist hypnotist
mesmerizer hypnotist
dissembler hypocrite
dissimulator hypocrite
phony hypocrite
phoney hypocrite
pretender hypocrite
image_breaker iconoclast
dreamer idealist
monozygotic_twin identical_twin
monozygous_twin identical_twin
ideologue ideologist
imbecile idiot
cretin idiot
moron idiot
changeling idiot
half-wit idiot
retard idiot
loafer idler
do-nothing idler
layabout idler
bum idler
matinee_idol idol
idolizer idolater
idoliser idolater
idol_worshiper idolater
idoliser idolizer
know_nothing ignoramus
uneducated_person ignoramus
illiterate_person illiterate
nonreader illiterate
imaum imam
scamp imp
monkey imp
rascal imp
rapscallion imp
scalawag imp
scallywag imp
imitator impersonator
importee import
influential_person important_person
personage important_person
impostor imposter
pretender imposter
fake imposter
faker imposter
fraud imposter
sham imposter
shammer imposter
pseudo imposter
pseud imposter
role_player imposter
incompetent_person incompetent
officeholder incumbent
Indian_chieftain indian_chief
marcher infantryman
foot_soldier infantryman
footslogger infantryman
source informant
betrayer informer
rat informer
squealer informer
blabber informer
thankless_wretch ingrate
ungrateful_person ingrate
learned_person initiate
pundit initiate
savant initiate
relative-in-law in-law
vaccinator inoculator
inmate inpatient
enquirer inquirer
questioner inquirer
querier inquirer
asker inquirer
interrogator inquisitor
sleepless_person insomniac
initiator instigator
provoker instigator
inciter instigator
instigant instigator
firebrand instigator
pawn instrument
cat's-paw instrument
insurance_agent insurance_broker
general_agent insurance_broker
underwriter insurance_broker
insured_person insured
insurrectionist insurgent
freedom_fighter insurgent
rebel insurgent
designer interior_designer
interior_decorator interior_designer
house_decorator interior_designer
room_decorator interior_designer
decorator interior_designer
conversational_partner interlocutor
middleman interlocutor
interne intern
houseman intern
medical_intern intern
translator interpreter
interloper intruder
trespasser intruder
encroacher invader
shut-in invalid
voider invalidator
nullifier invalidator
discoverer inventor
artificer inventor
investment_advisor investment_adviser
underwriter investment_banker
ironman iron_man
hardwareman ironmonger
irridentist irredentist
island-dweller islander
Ismailian ismaili
gypsy itinerant
gipsy itinerant
jailbird jail_bird
gaolbird jail_bird
Javan javanese
jazzman jazz_musician
dork jerk
fool jester
motley_fool jester
gem jewel
jeweller jeweler
jeweler jewelry_maker
jeweller jewelry_maker
jimhickey jimdandy
crackerjack jimdandy
middleman jobber
wholesaler jobber
Joe_Blow john_doe
Joe_Bloggs john_doe
man_in_the_street john_doe
jokester joker
turkey joker
jinx jonah
justice judge
jurist judge
steamroller juggernaut
Jr junior
Jnr junior
legal_expert jurist
juryman juror
jurywoman juror
justiciary justiciar
kafir kaffir
caffer kaffir
caffre kaffir
kidnaper kidnapper
abductor kidnapper
snatcher kidnapper
slayer killer
male_monarch king
Rex king
King_of_Great_Britain king_of_england
queen king
world-beater king
top_banana kingpin
bigwig kingpin
relation relative
blood_relative blood_relation
cognate blood_relation
sib blood_relation
kinsperson kin
family kin
matrikin enate
matrilineal_kin enate
matrisib enate
matrilineal_sib enate
patrikin agnate
patrilineal_kin agnate
patrisib agnate
patrilineal_sib agnate
osculator kisser
kissing_kin kissing_cousin
KP kitchen_police
Ku_Kluxer klansman
Kluxer klansman
bachelor-at-arms knight_bachelor
bachelor knight_bachelor
knight_of_the_square_flag knight_banneret
banneret knight_banneret
Templar knight_templar
apprehender knower
know-all know-it-all
odd_fellow kook
odd_fish kook
queer_bird kook
queer_duck kook
odd_man_out kook
birthing_coach labor_coach
doula labor_coach
monitrice labor_coach
manual_laborer laborer
labourer laborer
jack laborer
flunky lackey
flunkey lackey
noblewoman lady
peeress lady
dulcinea ladylove
dear lamb
lubber landlubber
landsman landlubber
landsman landlubber
landman landlubber
landholder landowner
property_owner landowner
landscape_gardener landscape_architect
landscaper landscape_architect
landscapist landscape_architect
lapidist lapidary
lapidarist lapidary
larcener larcenist
lassie lass
young_girl lass
jeune_fille lass
Mormon latter-day_saint
lauder laudator
extoller laudator
lawmaker lawgiver
law_officer lawman
peace_officer lawman
attorney lawyer
layperson layman
secular layman
scholar learner
assimilator learner
lessee leaseholder
lecturer lector
reader lector
reader lector
parasite leech
sponge leech
sponger leech
left-hander left-handed_pitcher
left_hander left-handed_pitcher
lefthander left-handed_pitcher
lefty left-handed_pitcher
southpaw left-handed_pitcher
lefty left-hander
southpaw left-hander
official_emissary legate
legionary legionnaire
loaner lender
lazar leper
lepidopterologist lepidopterist
butterfly_collector lepidopterist
tribade lesbian
gay_woman lesbian
lease_giver lessor
leveller leveler
lexicologist lexicographer
prevaricator liar
liberalist liberal
progressive liberal
debauchee libertine
rounder libertine
bibliothec librarian
LPN licensed_practical_nurse
practical_nurse licensed_practical_nurse
slugabed lie-abed
liege_lord liege
police_lieutenant lieutenant
light_colonel lieutenant_colonel
lieutenant_JG lieutenant_junior_grade
lifesaver lifeguard
bargeman lighterman
bargee lighterman
cruiserweight light_heavyweight
light-of-love light-o'-love
line_backer linebacker
polyglot linguist
linguistic_scientist linguist
linkman linkboy
social_lion lion
receiver liquidator
literate_person literate
litigator litigant
litterbug litterer
litter_lout litterer
locater locator
lockman lockmaster
lockkeeper lockmaster
locum locum_tenens
boarder lodger
roomer lodger
logistician logician
logomachist logomach
lingerer loiterer
lollipop_woman lollipop_lady
lone_wolf loner
lone_hand loner
thirster longer
yearner longer
lookout_man lookout
sentinel lookout
sentry lookout
watch lookout
spotter lookout
scout lookout
picket lookout
noble lord
nobleman lord
Lord_High_Chancellor lord_chancellor
also-ran loser
loser failure
nonstarter failure
unsuccessful_person failure
blusterer loudmouth
lizard lounge_lizard
clod lout
stumblebum lout
goon lout
oaf lout
lubber lout
lummox lout
lump lout
gawk lout
underclassman lowerclassman
low-birth-weight_infant low-birth-weight_baby
Scottish_Lowlander lowlander
Lowland_Scot lowlander
stalwart loyalist
slider luger
lumberjack lumberman
logger lumberman
feller lumberman
faller lumberman
leading_light luminary
guiding_light luminary
notable luminary
notability luminary
madman lunatic
maniac lunatic
skulker lurker
lurcher lurker
lutanist lutist
lutenist lutist
lyrist lyricist
mama ma
mamma ma
mom ma
momma ma
mommy ma
mammy ma
mum ma
mummy ma
mace macebearer
macer macebearer
ward-heeler machine_politician
political_hack machine_politician
hack machine_politician
mechanic machinist
shop_mechanic machinist
macroeconomic_expert macroeconomist
brothel_keeper madam
master maestro
prestidigitator magician
conjurer magician
conjuror magician
illusionist magician
scavenger magpie
pack_rat magpie
maharajah maharaja
maharanee maharani
maiden maid
maidservant maid
housemaid maid
amah maid
postman mailman
mail_carrier mailman
letter_carrier mailman
carrier mailman
seneschal major-domo
big_leaguer major_leaguer
shaper maker
boy male_child
man-child male_offspring
skulker malingerer
shammer malingerer
maltman maltster
adult_male man
mandatory mandatary
Mandean mandaean
manoeuvrer maneuverer
Manichean manichaean
Manichee manichaean
manikin mannequin
mannikin mannequin
manakin mannequin
fashion_model mannequin
model mannequin
mannikin manikin
homunculus manikin
man_of_deeds man_of_action
rich_man man_of_means
wealthy_man man_of_means
producer manufacturer
Maquisard maquis
marathon_runner marathoner
road_runner marathoner
long-distance_runner marathoner
predator marauder
vulture marauder
piranha marauder
parader marcher
marquise marchioness
devil_dog marine
leatherneck marine
shipboard_soldier marine
naval_engineer marine_engineer
seaman mariner
tar mariner
Jack-tar mariner
Jack mariner
old_salt mariner
seafarer mariner
gob mariner
sea_dog mariner
sharpshooter marksman
crack_shot marksman
marquess marquis
marshall marshal
marshall marshal
disciplinarian martinet
moralist martinet
sufferer martyr
stonemason mason
Massorete masorete
Masorite masorete
masker masquerader
masquer masquerader
professional master
captain master
sea_captain master
skipper master
emcee master_of_ceremonies
host master_of_ceremonies
onanist masturbator
matcher matchmaker
marriage_broker matchmaker
first_mate mate
mathematics_teacher math_teacher
materfamilias matriarch
rebel maverick
city_manager mayor
queen_of_the_May may_queen
meany meanie
unkind_person meanie
packer meat_packer
medallist medalist
medal_winner medalist
medallist medalist
media_guru media_consultant
medic medical_officer
medical_man medical_practitioner
medico medical_student
spiritualist medium
sensitive medium
melancholiac melancholic
Melchite melkite
Melchite melkite
fellow_member member
clanswoman clansman
clan_member clansman
memoriser memorizer
repairer mender
fixer mender
mensh mensch
wise_man mentor
soldier_of_fortune mercenary
merchandiser merchant
meshuggener meshuggeneh
courier messenger
errand_boy messenger_boy
ladino mestizo
metallurgical_engineer metallurgist
mezzo mezzo-soprano
microeconomic_expert microeconomist
accoucheuse midwife
migrator migrant
tenno mikado
activist militant
warmonger militarist
military_advisor military_adviser
padre military_chaplain
Holy_Joe military_chaplain
sky_pilot military_chaplain
officer military_officer
MP military_policeman
factory_worker mill-hand
millenarist millenarian
chiliast millenarian
mimer mime
mummer mime
pantomimer mime
pantomimist mime
mimicker mimic
telepathist mind_reader
thought-reader mind_reader
mineworker miner
diplomatic_minister minister
government_minister minister
bush_leaguer minor_leaguer
miracle_worker miracle_man
misanthropist misanthrope
woman_hater misogynist
ape-man missing_link
missioner missionary
missis missus
kept_woman mistress
fancy_woman mistress
poser model
role_model model
paragon ideal
nonpareil ideal
saint ideal
apotheosis ideal
nonesuch ideal
nonsuch ideal
modeller modeler
Moghul mogul
Muhammedan mohammedan
Muhammadan mohammedan
gun_moll moll
gangster's_moll moll
royalist monarchist
Monacan monegasque
monogynist monogamist
monopolizer monopolist
monopoliser monopolist
fiend monster
devil monster
demon monster
ogre monster
mooch moocher
cadger moocher
scrounger moocher
mortgage_holder mortgagee
mortgager mortgagor
undertaker mortician
funeral_undertaker mortician
funeral_director mortician
MVP most_valuable_player
female_parent mother
mamma's_boy mother's_boy
mama's_boy mother's_boy
motorcycle_policeman motorcycle_cop
speed_cop motorcycle_cop
automobilist motorist
mountain_climber mountaineer
charlatan mountebank
climber mounter
griever mourner
sorrower mourner
lamenter mourner
mouth mouthpiece
motion-picture_fan moviegoer
mudslinger muckraker
muazzin muezzin
muadhdhin muezzin
independent mugwump
fencesitter mugwump
mule_skinner muleteer
mule_driver muleteer
skinner muleteer
Mollah mullah
Mulla mullah
liquidator murderer
manslayer murderer
muscle muscleman
muller muser
ponderer muser
ruminator muser
instrumentalist musician
player musician
mutation mutant
variation mutant
sport mutant
maimer mutilator
mangler mutilator
deaf-mute mute
deaf-and-dumb_person mute
mumbler mutterer
murmurer mutterer
moujik muzhik
mujik muzhik
muzjik muzhik
mycophage mycophagist
religious_mystic mystic
figure name
public_figure name
nursemaid nanny
nurse nanny
nark narc
narcotics_agent narc
narcist narcissist
copper's_nark nark
storyteller narrator
teller narrator
natural_scientist naturalist
SEAL navy_seal
nabob nawab
obstructor obstructionist
obstructer obstructionist
resister obstructionist
thwarter obstructionist
Ebionite nazarene
German_Nazi nazi
nebbech nebbish
negotiant negotiator
treater negotiator
negotiatrix negotiatress
neighbour neighbor
neocon neoconservative
newborn neonate
newborn_infant neonate
newborn_baby neonate
brain_doctor neurologist
brain_surgeon neurosurgeon
psychoneurotic neurotic
mental_case neurotic
fledgling newcomer
fledgeling newcomer
starter newcomer
neophyte newcomer
freshman newcomer
newbie newcomer
entrant newcomer
Yankee new_englander
honeymooner newlywed
newsdealer newsagent
newsvendor newsagent
newsstand_operator newsagent
news_reader newsreader
skinflint niggard
scrooge niggard
churl niggard
nighthawk night_owl
nightbird night_owl
nightrider night_rider
poop nincompoop
ninny nincompoop
Nobel_Laureate nobelist
noncom noncommissioned_officer
enlisted_officer noncommissioned_officer
nonpartizan nonpartisan
unperson nonperson
passive_resister non-resistant
normaliser normalizer
snacker nosher
nonattender no-show
truant no-show
notary_public notary
beginner novice
tyro novice
tiro novice
initiate novice
novice novitiate
radiochemist nuclear_chemist
nude_person nude
naturist nudist
nudnick nudnik
numismatologist numismatist
coin_collector numismatist
nurse's_aide nursing_aide
NP nurse_practitioner
nurse_clinician nurse_practitioner
papal_nuncio nuncio
nurseling nursling
suckling nursling
wacko nutter
whacko nutter
houri nymph
nympho nymphomaniac
rower oarsman
accommodator obliger
commentator observer
accoucheur obstetrician
handicapper odds-maker
offeror offerer
officer officeholder
ship's_officer officer
functionary official
Fed federal
federal_official federal
Federal_soldier federal
Union_soldier federal
federal_agent agent
progeny offspring
issue offspring
old_man old_boy
greybeard old_man
graybeard old_man
Methuselah old_man
old_person oldster
senior_citizen oldster
golden_ager oldster
oldtimer old-timer
gaffer old-timer
old_geezer old-timer
antique old-timer
looker-on onlooker
operatic_star opera_star
manipulator operator
eye_doctor ophthalmologist
oculist ophthalmologist
opium_taker opium_addict
self-seeker opportunist
opponent opposition
opposite opposition
lens_maker optician
oculist optometrist
speechmaker orator
rhetorician orator
public_speaker orator
speechifier orator
systematizer orderer
systematiser orderer
systemizer orderer
systemiser orderer
systematist orderer
hospital_attendant orderly
organiser organizer
arranger organizer
organiser organizer
labor_organizer organizer
conceiver originator
mastermind originator
bird_watcher ornithologist
orthopaedist orthopedist
osteologer osteologist
osteopathist osteopath
ejector ouster
castaway outcast
pariah outcast
Ishmael outcast
right-hander right-handed_pitcher
centerfielder center_fielder
master overlord
lord overlord
superintendent overseer
proprietor owner
possessor owner
pacificist pacifist
disarmer pacifist
bagger packer
boxer packer
varlet page
pageboy page
pain_in_the_neck pain
nuisance pain
palsgrave palatine
Paleo-Amerind paleo-american
Paleo-Indian paleo-american
paleographist paleographer
palaeontologist paleontologist
fossilist paleontologist
bearer pallbearer
palmister palmist
chiromancer palmist
spoiler pamperer
coddler pamperer
mollycoddler pamperer
panellist panelist
paperer paperhanger
pappoose papoose
parachuter parachutist
parachute_jumper parachutist
legal_assistant paralegal
paramedical paramedic
paranoiac paranoid
para paratrooper
forgiver pardoner
excuser pardoner
Member_of_Parliament parliamentarian
parlourmaid parlormaid
lampooner parodist
Parsi parsee
sharer partaker
zealot partisan
drumbeater partisan
political_boss party_boss
boss party_boss
party_liner party_man
pacha pasha
rider passenger
forward_passer passer
passer-by passerby
passer passerby
paterfamilias patriarch
nationalist patriot
frequenter patron
sponsor patron
supporter patron
patronne patroness
remunerator payer
pearler pearl_diver
provincial peasant
bucolic peasant
barbarian peasant
boor peasant
churl peasant
Goth peasant
tyke peasant
tike peasant
pedaller pedaler
bookworm pedant
scholastic pedant
pedlar peddler
packman peddler
hawker peddler
pitchman peddler
paederast pederast
child_molester pederast
walker pedestrian
footer pedestrian
paedophile pedophile
pen-friend pen_pal
pencil_pusher penpusher
pensionary pensioner
Pentecostalist pentecostal
performing_artist performer
false_witness perjurer
peroxide_blonde peroxide_blond
culprit perpetrator
incarnation embodiment
avatar embodiment
sweater perspirer
inducer persuader
deviant pervert
deviate pervert
degenerate pervert
blighter pest
cuss pest
pesterer pest
gadfly pest
suppliant petitioner
supplicant petitioner
requester petitioner
petty_juror petit_juror
oil_geologist petroleum_geologist
critter_sitter pet_sitter
fondler petter
PO petty_officer
P.O. petty_officer
Pharaoh_of_Egypt pharaoh
druggist pharmacist
chemist pharmacist
apothecary pharmacist
pill_pusher pharmacist
pill_roller pharmacist
pharmaceutical_chemist pharmacologist
altruist philanthropist
stamp_collector philatelist
philhellenist philhellene
Graecophile philhellene
anti-intellectual philistine
lowbrow philistine
philologue philologist
philosophiser philosophizer
lensman photographer
photometrician photometrist
craniologist phrenologist
physiotherapist physical_therapist
piano_player pianist
piccaninny pickaninny
picaninny pickaninny
chooser picker
selector picker
cutpurse pickpocket
dip pickpocket
picknicker picnicker
Pilgrim_Father pilgrim
mainstay pillar
airplane_pilot pilot
Piltdown_hoax piltdown_man
procurer pimp
panderer pimp
pander pimp
pandar pimp
fancy_man pimp
ponce pimp
pink pinko
innovator pioneer
trailblazer pioneer
groundbreaker pioneer
bagpiper piper
squirt pip-squeak
small_fry pip-squeak
buccaneer pirate
sea_robber pirate
sea_rover pirate
urinator pisser
hurler pitcher
twirler pitcher
hypophysial_dwarf pituitary_dwarf
Levi-Lorrain_dwarf pituitary_dwarf
pivot_man pivot
placekicker place-kicker
placeseeker placeman
plagiarizer plagiarist
plagiariser plagiarist
literary_pirate plagiarist
pirate plagiarist
complainant plaintiff
contriver planner
deviser planner
plantation_owner planter
tracklayer platelayer
platinum_blonde platinum_blond
man-about-town playboy
Corinthian playboy
participant player
theatergoer playgoer
theatregoer playgoer
playfellow playmate
pleb plebeian
plyer plier
slowpoke plodder
stick-in-the-mud plodder
slowcoach plodder
slogger plodder
mapper plotter
ploughboy plowboy
ploughman plowman
plower plowman
ploughwright plowwright
pipe_fitter plumber
pillager plunderer
looter plunderer
spoiler plunderer
despoiler plunderer
raider plunderer
freebooter plunderer
polemist polemicist
polemic polemicist
police_officer policeman
officer policeman
policewoman police_matron
sergeant police_sergeant
politico politician
pol politician
political_leader politician
poll_taker pollster
headcounter pollster
canvasser pollster
defiler polluter
craven poltroon
recreant poltroon
wretch poor_devil
have-not poor_person
Catholic_Pope pope
Roman_Catholic_Pope pope
pontiff pope
Holy_Father pope
Vicar_of_Christ pope
Bishop_of_Rome pope
populariser popularizer
vulgarizer popularizer
vulgariser popularizer
porn_merchant pornographer
Pullman_porter porter
portrait_painter portraitist
portrayer portraitist
limner portraitist
port_watcher portwatcher
poser poseur
rationalist positivist
post_doc postdoc
solver problem_solver
convergent_thinker problem_solver
mail_clerk postal_clerk
postillion postilion
Post-impressionist postimpressionist
potman potboy
spelunker potholer
speleologist potholer
spelaeologist potholer
thrower potter
ceramicist potter
ceramist potter
poulterer poultryman
force power
powerbroker power_broker
human_dynamo powerhouse
ball_of_fire powerhouse
fireball powerhouse
power-station_worker power_worker
practician practitioner
pretor praetor
Praetorian praetorian_guard
cut-up prankster
trickster prankster
tricker prankster
hoaxer prankster
practical_joker prankster
supplicant prayer
preacher_man preacher
sermonizer preacher
sermoniser preacher
don preceptor
pre-emptor preemptor
pre-emptor preemptor
preterm_baby premature_baby
premature_infant premature_baby
preterm_infant premature_baby
preemie premature_baby
premie premature_baby
kindergartner preschooler
kindergartener preschooler
sponsor presenter
United_States_President president_of_the_united_states
President president_of_the_united_states
Chief_Executive president_of_the_united_states
prexy president
chairman president
chairwoman president
chair president
chairperson president
publicity_man press_agent
public_relations_man press_agent
PR_man press_agent
quarry prey
target prey
fair_game prey
non-Christian_priest priest
diva prima_donna
gravida_I primigravida
para_I primipara
hypoplastic_dwarf primordial_dwarf
true_dwarf primordial_dwarf
normal_dwarf primordial_dwarf
dealer principal
school_principal principal
head_teacher principal
head principal
PI principal_investigator
pressman printer
graphic_artist printmaker
captive prisoner
POW prisoner_of_war
buck_private private
common_soldier private
PI private_detective
private_eye private_detective
private_investigator private_detective
operative private_detective
shamus private_detective
sherlock private_detective
privateersman privateer
gladiator prizefighter
parolee probationer
student_nurse probationer
postponer procrastinator
cunctator procrastinator
monitor proctor
securer procurer
profligate prodigal
squanderer prodigal
professional_person professional
pro professional
prof professor
computer_programmer programmer
coder programmer
software_engineer programmer
prole proletarian
worker proletarian
promisor promiser
booster promoter
plugger promoter
theater_prompter prompter
reader proofreader
disseminator propagator
propman property_man
property_master property_man
prophesier prophet
oracle prophet
seer prophet
vaticinator prophet
mover proposer
public_prosecutor prosecutor
prosecuting_officer prosecutor
prosecuting_attorney prosecutor
cocotte prostitute
whore prostitute
harlot prostitute
bawd prostitute
tart prostitute
cyprian prostitute
fancy_woman prostitute
working_girl prostitute
sporting_lady prostitute
lady_of_pleasure prostitute
woman_of_the_street prostitute
sneak prowler
stalker prowler
placeholder proxy
procurator proxy
puritan prude
trimmer pruner
head-shrinker psychiatrist
shrink psychiatrist
psychopath sociopath
clinical_psychologist psychotherapist
psychotic_person psychotic
psycho psychotic
tavern_keeper publican
publicizer publicist
publiciser publicist
newspaper_publisher publisher
tugger puller
dragger puller
punk punk_rocker
puppet_leader puppet_ruler
pup puppy
chased pursued
chaser pursuer
shover pusher
drug_peddler pusher
peddler pusher
drug_dealer pusher
drug_trafficker pusher
thruster pusher
potterer putterer
Pigmy pygmy
pigmy pygmy
quad quadruplet
trembler quaker
quarreller quarreler
quarrier quarryman
signal_caller quarterback
field_general quarterback
queen_regnant queen
female_monarch queen
quizmaster question_master
caviller quibbler
caviler quibbler
pettifogger quibbler
sponge quick_study
quint quintuplet
quin quintuplet
race_driver racer
automobile_driver racer
racialist racist
radiotherapist radiologist
raftman raftsman
rafter raftsman
tatterdemalion ragamuffin
splitter rail-splitter
rajah raja
Rajpoot rajput
rakehell rake
profligate rake
rip rake
blood rake
roue rake
ranee rani
raver ranter
rapist raper
rara_avis rare_bird
Rodya_Raskolnikov raskolnikov
disinfestation_officer rat-catcher
ultraconservative reactionary
extreme_right-winger reactionary
real_estate_agent real_estate_broker
estate_agent real_estate_broker
land_agent real_estate_broker
house_agent real_estate_broker
ratiocinator reasoner
disprover rebutter
refuter rebutter
confuter rebutter
pass_receiver receiver
pass_catcher receiver
backslider recidivist
reversionist recidivist
repeater recidivist
habitual_criminal recidivist
record-holder record-breaker
enlistee recruit
military_recruit recruit
redactor redact
reviser redact
rewriter redact
rewrite_man redact
redheader redhead
red-header redhead
carrottop redhead
cracker redneck
ref referee
renovator refinisher
restorer refinisher
preserver refinisher
reformist reformer
crusader reformer
social_reformer reformer
meliorist reformer
trustee regent
RN registered_nurse
record-keeper registrar
recorder registrar
habitue regular
fixture regular
relief_pitcher reliever
fireman reliever
allayer reliever
comforter reliever
hermit anchorite
coenobite cenobite
generalist renaissance_man
maintenance_man repairman
service_man repairman
newsman reporter
newsperson reporter
secretary repository
miscreant reprobate
recoverer rescuer
saver rescuer
director_of_research research_director
researcher research_worker
investigator research_worker
occupant resident
occupier resident
responder respondent
answerer respondent
restauranter restaurateur
controller restrainer
retail_merchant retailer
retired_person retiree
reveller reveler
merrymaker reveler
drunken_reveller drunken_reveler
bacchanal drunken_reveler
bacchant drunken_reveler
referee reviewer
reader reviewer
revolutionary revolutionist
subversive revolutionist
subverter revolutionist
Homo_rhodesiensis rhodesian_man
rhymester rhymer
versifier rhymer
poetizer rhymer
poetiser rhymer
wealthy_person rich_person
have rich_person
Riffian riff
oil_rigger rigger
right_hander right-hander
righthander right-hander
chief_assistant right-hand_man
man_Friday right-hand_man
right-winger rightist
dead_ringer ringer
clone ringer
challenger rival
competitor rival
competition rival
contender rival
rivetter riveter
roadhog road_hog
road_mender roadman
bawler roarer
bellower roarer
screamer roarer
screecher roarer
shouter roarer
yeller roarer
cragsman rock_climber
rock_'n'_roll_musician rocker
rocket_scientist rocket_engineer
knave rogue
rascal rogue
rapscallion rogue
scalawag rogue
scallywag rogue
varlet rogue
Emperor_of_Rome roman_emperor
Romanoff romanov
romantic romanticist
roomie roommate
roomy roommate
rope-maker ropemaker
roper ropemaker
ropedancer ropewalker
dirty_dog rotter
rat rotter
skunk rotter
stinker rotter
stinkpot rotter
bum rotter
puke rotter
crumb rotter
lowlife rotter
scum_bag rotter
so-and-so rotter
git rotter
scouter rover
rubbernecker rubberneck
swayer ruler
civil_officer civil_authority
second_best runner-up
shrimp runt
peewee runt
half-pint runt
cattle_thief rustler
wrecker saboteur
diversionist saboteur
sagamore sachem
saddhu sadhu
safecracker safebreaker
cracksman safebreaker
navigator sailing_master
crewman sailor
holy_man saint
holy_person saint
angel saint
shop_clerk salesclerk
clerk salesclerk
shop_assistant salesclerk
saleswoman salesgirl
saleslady salesgirl
sales_representative salesperson
sales_rep salesperson
salt_merchant salter
salutatory_speaker salutatorian
salvor salvager
sannyasin sannyasi
sanyasi sannyasi
Santa santa_claus
Kriss_Kringle santa_claus
Father_Christmas santa_claus
Saint_Nicholas santa_claus
Saint_Nick santa_claus
St._Nick santa_claus
Tristram tristan
Isolde iseult
diabolist satanist
planet satellite
ironist satirist
ridiculer satirist
lecher satyr
lech satyr
letch satyr
stroller saunterer
ambler saunterer
barbarian savage
saviour savior
rescuer savior
deliverer savior
saxist saxophonist
strikebreaker scab
blackleg scab
rat scab
scallywag scalawag
whipping_boy scapegoat
black_sheep scapegrace
Scaramouche scaramouch
stirrer scaremonger
forgetful_person scatterbrain
shifter sceneshifter
scene_painter scenic_artist
plotter schemer
shlemiel schlemiel
shlepper schlepper
schlep schlepper
shlep schlepper
shlimazel schlimazel
shlockmeister schlockmeister
shmuck schmuck
schmo schmuck
shmo schmuck
shnook schnook
shnorrer schnorrer
scholarly_person scholar
bookman scholar
student scholar
school-age_child schoolchild
pupil schoolchild
medieval_Schoolman schoolman
schoolma'am schoolmarm
schoolmistress schoolmarm
mistress schoolmarm
classmate schoolmate
schoolfellow schoolmate
class_fellow schoolmate
school_teacher schoolteacher
flouter scoffer
mocker scoffer
jeerer scoffer
gorger scoffer
scolder scold
nag scold
nagger scold
common_scold scold
scorer scorekeeper
pathfinder scout
guide scout
talent_scout scout
scribbler scrawler
movie_actor screen_actor
film_writer screenwriter
scribbler scribe
penman scribe
scrutiniser scrutinizer
canvasser scrutineer
sculpturer sculptor
carver sculptor
statue_maker sculptor
seasonal seasonal_worker
second_sacker second_baseman
second_banana second_fiddle
2nd_lieutenant second_lieutenant
mediocrity second-rater
intelligence_officer secret_agent
intelligence_agent secret_agent
operative secret_agent
secretarial_assistant secretary
United_States_Attorney_General attorney_general
US_Attorney_General attorney_general
Agriculture_Secretary secretary_of_agriculture
Commerce_Secretary secretary_of_commerce
Defense_Secretary secretary_of_defense
Education_Secretary secretary_of_education
Energy_Secretary secretary_of_energy
Labor_Secretary secretary_of_labor
Interior_Secretary secretary_of_the_interior
Treasury_Secretary secretary_of_the_treasury
Transportation_Secretary secretary_of_transportation
sectary sectarian
sectarist sectarian
gravida_II secundigravida
ladies'_man seducer
lady_killer seducer
seed seeded_player
cloud_seeder seeder
seedman seedsman
searcher seeker
quester seeker
segregationist segregator
marketer seller
vender seller
vendor seller
trafficker seller
semiotician semanticist
seminarist seminarian
semipro semiprofessional
transmitter sender
SCPO senior_chief_petty_officer
SMSgt senior_master_sergeant
romanticist sentimentalist
ballyhoo_artist sensationalist
separationist separatist
Sephardic_Jew sephardi
helot serf
villein serf
serjeant-at-arms sergeant_at_arms
command_sergeant_major sergeant_major
serial_murderer serial_killer
serjeant serjeant-at-law
sergeant-at-law serjeant-at-law
sergeant serjeant-at-law
retainer servant
serving_girl servant_girl
military_man serviceman
man serviceman
military_personnel serviceman
colonist settler
trustor settlor
sexpot sex_kitten
sex_bomb sex_kitten
sacristan sexton
Shah_of_Iran shah
mover_and_shaker shaker
Shakespearean shakespearian
seizer shanghaier
cropper sharecropper
sharecrop_farmer sharecropper
spiller shedder
shepherd sheepherder
sheepman sheepherder
tribal_sheik sheik
sheikh sheik
tribal_sheikh sheik
Arab_chief sheik
sheikha sheika
shikse shiksa
ship_builder shipbuilder
shipbuilder shipwright
ship_builder shipwright
crap-shooter shooter
tradesman shopkeeper
storekeeper shopkeeper
market_keeper shopkeeper
steward shop_steward
shooter shot
gun gunman
shoveller shoveler
promoter showman
impresario showman
termagant shrew
Sudra shudra
shrinking_violet shy_person
pettifogger shyster
conjoined_twin siamese_twin
sib sibling
diseased_person sick_person
sufferer sick_person
excursionist sightseer
tripper sightseer
rubberneck sightseer
signaller signaler
signatory signer
signior signor
sleeping_partner silent_partner
silverworker silversmith
silver-worker silversmith
addlehead addle-head
loon addle-head
birdbrain addle-head
simple simpleton
vocalist singer
vocalizer singer
vocaliser singer
evildoer sinner
sis sister
half-sister half_sister
stepsister half_sister
pantywaist sissy
pansy sissy
milksop sissy
Milquetoast sissy
vacillator waverer
hesitator waverer
hesitater waverer
easy_mark sitting_duck
sceptic skeptic
doubter skeptic
slider skidder
slipper skidder
trained_worker skilled_worker
skilled_workman skilled_worker
aquanaut skin-diver
slavey skivvy
shirker slacker
spanker slapper
slut slattern
slovenly_woman slattern
trollop slattern
striver slave
hard_worker slave
Simon_Legree slave_driver
slave_owner slaveholder
slaver slaveholder
slave_dealer slaver
slave_trader slaver
slumberer sleeper
somnambulist sleepwalker
noctambulist sleepwalker
sleuthhound sleuth
sloven slob
pig slob
slovenly_person slob
slop-seller slopseller
slug sluggard
SGA_infant small-for-gestational-age_infant
stunner smasher
knockout smasher
beauty smasher
ravisher smasher
sweetheart smasher
peach smasher
lulu smasher
looker smasher
mantrap smasher
dish smasher
metalworker smith
tobacco_user smoker
smoothy smoothie
sweet_talker smoothie
charmer smoothie
runner smuggler
contrabandist smuggler
moon_curser smuggler
moon-curser smuggler
snake_in_the_grass snake
pilferer sneak_thief
snitcher sneak_thief
scorner sneerer
sniveler sniffler
prig snob
snot snob
snoot snob
snooper snoop
snuff_user snuffer
cultural_anthropologist social_anthropologist
climber social_climber
leftist collectivist
left-winger collectivist
socialiser socializer
caseworker social_worker
welfare_worker social_worker
soda_jerker soda_jerk
sodomist sodomite
sod sodomite
bugger sodomite
softie softy
canvasser solicitor
wine_waiter sommelier
wine_steward sommelier
boy son
songster songwriter
ballad_maker songwriter
man_of_the_world sophisticate
soph sophomore
magician sorcerer
wizard sorcerer
necromancer sorcerer
thaumaturge sorcerer
thaumaturgist sorcerer
priest-doctor shaman
psyche soul
picklepuss sourpuss
gloomy_Gus sourpuss
pouter sourpuss
Reb rebel
Johnny_Reb rebel
Johnny rebel
greyback rebel
crowned_head sovereign
monarch sovereign
Hispanic_American spanish_american
Hispanic spanish_american
sparring_mate sparring_partner
talker speaker
utterer speaker
verbalizer speaker
verbaliser speaker
specializer specialist
specialiser specialist
medical_specialist specialist
witness spectator
viewer spectator
watcher spectator
looker spectator
plunger speculator
speed_demon speeder
speed_skater speedskater
good_speller speller
poor_speller speller
disburser spender
expender spender
spend-all spendthrift
spender spendthrift
scattergood spendthrift
high_roller big_spender
spindleshanks spindlelegs
spinmeister spin_doctor
spinster spinner
thread_maker spinner
old_maid spinster
expectorator spitter
divider splitter
killjoy spoilsport
wet_blanket spoilsport
party_pooper spoilsport
interpreter spokesperson
representative spokesperson
voice spokesperson
sportsman sport
sportswoman sport
summercater sport
outdoor_man sporting_man
sportscaster sports_announcer
sports_commentator sports_announcer
fan sports_fan
rooter sports_fan
sportswriter sports_writer
spot_welder spot-welder
partner spouse
married_person spouse
mate spouse
better_half spouse
undercover_agent spy
straight_shooter square_shooter
straight_arrow square_shooter
square_toes square
lame square
homesteader squatter
nester squatter
squint-eye squinter
gallant squire
stableboy stableman
groom stableman
hostler stableman
ostler stableman
staffer staff_member
stage_technician stagehand
stager stage_manager
totterer staggerer
reeler staggerer
stutterer stammerer
stomper stamper
tramper stamper
trampler stamper
standardiser standardizer
substitute stand-in
relief stand-in
reliever stand-in
backup stand-in
backup_man stand-in
fill-in stand-in
principal star
lead star
dispatcher starter
state_attorney state's_attorney
solon statesman
national_leader statesman
stationery_seller stationer
station_agent stationmaster
actuary statistician
mathematical_statistician statistician
homebody stay-at-home
steelworker steelmaker
steelman steelmaker
amanuensis stenographer
shorthand_typist stenographer
half-brother stepbrother
half_brother stepbrother
loader stevedore
longshoreman stevedore
docker stevedore
dockhand stevedore
dock_worker stevedore
dockworker stevedore
dock-walloper stevedore
lumper stevedore
flight_attendant steward
air_hostess stewardess
hostess stewardess
smotherer stifler
stigmatist stigmatic
stipendiary_magistrate stipendiary
stock-taker stocktaker
shareholder stockholder
shareowner stockholder
stock_raiser stockman
stock_farmer stockman
unemotional_person stoic
fireman stoker
cutter stonecutter
lapidator stoner
fibber storyteller
fabricator storyteller
strayer straggler
second_banana straight_man
alien stranger
unknown stranger
strategian strategist
assistant_foreman straw_boss
street_sweeper street_cleaner
tough street_fighter
guttersnipe street_urchin
gamin street_arab
throwaway street_arab
street_girl streetwalker
hooker streetwalker
hustler streetwalker
floozy streetwalker
floozie streetwalker
slattern streetwalker
litter-bearer stretcher-bearer
striptease_artist stripper
striptease stripper
stripteaser stripper
exotic_dancer stripper
ecdysiast stripper
peeler stripper
stemmer stripper
sprigger stripper
he-man stud
macho-man stud
pupil student
educatee student
practice_teacher student_teacher
palooka stumblebum
stunt_man double
stunt_woman double
tripper stumbler
stupid_person stupid
stupe stupid
dullard stupid
dolt stupid
pudding_head stupid
pudden-head stupid
poor_fish stupid
pillock stupid
surmounter subduer
overcomer subduer
case subject
guinea_pig subject
subsidiary subordinate
underling subordinate
foot_soldier subordinate
contributor subscriber
reader subscriber
endorser subscriber
indorser subscriber
ratifier subscriber
subsidiser subsidizer
reserve substitute
second-stringer substitute
subvocaliser subvocalizer
heir successor
replacement successor
succourer succorer
petitioner suer
suffragan_bishop suffragan
proposer suggester
felo-de-se suicide
suer suitor
wooer suitor
grand_Turk sultan
grass supergrass
super superintendent
higher-up superior
superordinate superior
supermarketeer supermarketer
spear_carrier supernumerary
extra supernumerary
provider supplier
protagonist supporter
champion supporter
admirer supporter
booster supporter
friend supporter
suppresser suppressor
surfboarder surfer
operating_surgeon surgeon
sawbones surgeon
yielder surrenderer
alternate surrogate
replacement surrogate
subsister survivor
victualer sutler
victualler sutler
provisioner sutler
swagger swagman
swaggie swagman
sweetie sweetheart
steady sweetheart
truelove sweetheart
natator swimmer
bather swimmer
pigman swineherd
tramp swinger
floating_voter swing_voter
whipper switcher
grind swot
nerd swot
wonk swot
dweeb swot
toady sycophant
crawler sycophant
lackey sycophant
ass-kisser sycophant
syllogizer syllogist
syllogiser syllogist
silvan sylvan
symbolizer symbolist
symboliser symbolist
sympathiser sympathizer
well-wisher sympathizer
sympathiser sympathizer
comforter sympathizer
synthesizer synthesist
synthesiser synthesist
dining_companion tablemate
hanger-on tagalong
shadow tail
shadower tail
seamster tailor
sartor tailor
tally_clerk tallyman
tank_driver tanker
tantaliser tantalizer
tapper tap_dancer
wiretapper tapper
phone_tapper tapper
tapper tapster
Tartufe tartuffe
taste_tester taster
taste-tester taster
sampler taster
tattler tattletale
taleteller tattletale
talebearer tattletale
telltale tattletale
blabbermouth tattletale
assessor tax_assessor
taxman tax_collector
exciseman tax_collector
collector_of_internal_revenue tax_collector
internal_revenue_agent tax_collector
animal_stuffer taxidermist
stuffer taxidermist
taximan taxidriver
cabdriver taxidriver
cabman taxidriver
cabby taxidriver
hack_driver taxidriver
hack-driver taxidriver
livery_driver taxidriver
taxonomer taxonomist
systematist taxonomist
instructor teacher
mate teammate
trucker teamster
truck_driver teamster
teaser tease
annoyer tease
vexer tease
tekki techie
Teddy_boy ted
teetotaller teetotaler
teetotalist teetotaler
telegraphist telegrapher
telegraph_operator telegrapher
thought-reader telepathist
mental_telepathist telepathist
mind_reader telepathist
telephonist telephone_operator
switchboard_operator telephone_operator
television_newscaster television_reporter
TV_reporter television_reporter
TV_newsman television_reporter
TV_star television_star
William_Tell tell
cashier teller
bank_clerk teller
vote_counter teller
earthling tellurian
earthman tellurian
worldling tellurian
temporary temp
temporary_worker temp
temporiser temporizer
renter tenant
professional_tennis_player tennis_pro
tenorist tenor_saxophonist
brat terror
little_terror terror
holy_terror terror
scourge terror
threat terror
gravida_III tertigravida
testate testator
examinee testee
deponent testifier
deposer testifier
Ranger texas_ranger
theologist theologian
theologizer theologian
theologiser theologian
theoretician theorist
theorizer theorist
theoriser theorist
idealogue theorist
healer therapist
stealer thief
creative_thinker thinker
mind thinker
skin_and_bones thin_person
scrag thin_person
third_sacker third_baseman
thrower throwster
ticket_taker ticket_collector
tier_up tier
timer timekeeper
tinkerer tinker
fiddler tinkerer
tinner tinsmith
social_drinker tippler
tout tipster
giggler titterer
wassailer toaster
symposiarch toastmaster
Sweeney_Todd todd
yearling toddler
tot toddler
bambino toddler
nob toff
tollman tollkeeper
tollgatherer tollkeeper
toll_collector tollkeeper
toll_taker tollkeeper
toll_agent tollkeeper
toller tollkeeper
bell_ringer toller
ringer toller
romp tomboy
hoyden tomboy
tormenter tormentor
persecutor tormentor
tortfeasor tort-feasor
jerk-off tosser
wanker tosser
plug-ugly tough_guy
tourer tourist
holidaymaker tourist
touter tout
ticket_tout tout
tovarisch tovarich
pillar_of_strength tower_of_strength
crier town_crier
towner townsman
towny townie
bargainer trader
dealer trader
monger trader
unionist trade_unionist
union_member trade_unionist
diehard traditionalist
railroader trainman
railroad_man trainman
railwayman trainman
railway_man trainman
treasonist traitor
hobo tramp
bum tramp
transferee transfer
transferrer transferer
transcriber translator
transexual transsexual
transexual transsexual
cross-dresser transvestite
Cistercian trappist
travelling_salesman traveling_salesman
commercial_traveler traveling_salesman
commercial_traveller traveling_salesman
roadman traveling_salesman
bagman traveling_salesman
financial_officer treasurer
First_Lord_of_the_Treasury treasury
arborist tree_surgeon
taste-maker trend-setter
fashion_arbiter trend-setter
trial_lawyer trial_attorney
attempter trier
essayer trier
trombone_player trombonist
state_trooper trooper
Trotskyist trotskyite
Trot trotskyite
trouble_maker troublemaker
troubler troublemaker
mischief-maker troublemaker
bad_hat troublemaker
trouble_shooter troubleshooter
hooky_player truant
plodder trudger
slogger trudger
cornetist trumpeter
legal_guardian trustee
piano_tuner tuner
television_announcer tv_announcer
twirp twerp
twit twerp
fiddler twiddler
timpanist tympanist
autocrat tyrant
despot tyrant
ump umpire
underperformer underachiever
nonachiever underachiever
undergrad undergraduate
standby understudy
opener undoer
unfastener undoer
untier undoer
general_agent universal_agent
disagreeable_woman unpleasant_woman
Harijan untouchable
reprover upbraider
reproacher upbraider
rebuker upbraider
maintainer upholder
sustainer upholder
parvenu upstart
nouveau-riche upstart
arriviste upstart
guide usher
doorkeeper usher
loan_shark usurer
moneylender usurer
shylock usurer
supplanter usurper
utiliser utilizer
vocalizer utterer
vocaliser utterer
ux. uxor
vacationist vacationer
drifter vagrant
floater vagrant
vagabond vagrant
valedictory_speaker valedictorian
valet_de_chambre valet
gentleman valet
gentleman's_gentleman valet
man valet
liege vassal
liegeman vassal
liege_subject vassal
feudatory vassal
pole_vaulter vaulter
pole_jumper vaulter
merchant-venturer venturer
varmint vermin
VIP very_important_person
high-up very_important_person
dignitary very_important_person
panjandrum very_important_person
high_muckamuck very_important_person
old-timer veteran
oldtimer veteran
old_hand veteran
warhorse veteran
old_stager veteran
stager veteran
vet veteran
ex-serviceman veteran
veteran_soldier veteran
veterinary veterinarian
veterinary_surgeon veterinarian
vet veterinarian
vibraphonist vibist
V.P. vice_president
vicereine viceroy
dupe victim
victimiser victimizer
master victor
superior victor
victualler victualer
vigilance_man vigilante
scoundrel villain
baddie villain
winemaker vintner
wine_maker vintner
wine_merchant vintner
debaucher violator
ravisher violator
lawbreaker violator
law_offender violator
fiddler violinist
Bisayan visayan
illusionist visionary
seer visionary
visitant visitor
visualiser visualizer
life_principle vital_principle
harpy vixen
hellcat vixen
unpaid_worker volunteer
military_volunteer volunteer
voluntary volunteer
sybarite voluptuary
spewer vomiter
elector voter
verifier voucher
Peeping_Tom voyeur
peeper voyeur
vulcaniser vulcanizer
vulgariser vulgarizer
wit wag
card wag
waggoner wagoner
waggonwright wagonwright
wainwright wagonwright
Wahabi wahhabi
street_child waif
server waiter
rouser waker
arouser waker
wall-paperer wallpaperer
roamer wanderer
rover wanderer
bird_of_passage wanderer
needer wanter
warehouseman warehouser
god_of_war war_god
laundryman washerman
washerwoman washwoman
laundrywoman washwoman
laundress washwoman
carouser wassailer
waster wastrel
horologist watchmaker
horologer watchmaker
watcher watchman
security_guard watchman
waterer water_boy
water_rat water_dog
watercolourist watercolorist
dowser water_witch
rhabdomancer water_witch
journeyer wayfarer
doormat weakling
wuss weakling
weather_forecaster weatherman
crier weeper
lifter weightlifter
welsher welcher
charity_case welfare_case
wet-nurse wet_nurse
wetnurse wet_nurse
amah wet_nurse
coaxer wheedler
wheeler wheelwright
complainer whiner
moaner whiner
sniveller whiner
crybaby whiner
bellyacher whiner
grumbler whiner
squawker whiner
party_whip whip
jackanapes whippersnapper
lightweight whippersnapper
whirler whirling_dervish
whistle-blower whistle_blower
whistleblower whistle_blower
whited_sepulchre whited_sepulcher
White_Friar carmelite
Black_Friar dominican
Blackfriar dominican
friar_preacher dominican
Grey_Friar franciscan
great_white_hope white_hope
whoremonger whoremaster
whoremonger whoremaster
john whoremaster
trick whoremaster
witch wiccan
widow_woman widow
widowman widower
married_woman wife
wriggler wiggler
squirmer wiggler
feral_man wild_man
chicken wimp
crybaby wimp
victor winner
window_trimmer window_dresser
wirer wireman
smart_aleck wise_guy
wiseacre wise_guy
wisenheimer wise_guy
weisenheimer wise_guy
witnesser witness
informant witness
attestant witness
attestor witness
attestator witness
woman_chaser wolf
skirt_chaser wolf
masher wolf
adult_female woman
womaniser womanizer
philanderer womanizer
golden_boy wonder_boy
marveller wonderer
carver woodcarver
woodsman woodworker
woodman woodworker
woodman woodsman
woolsorter wool_stapler
workingman workman
working_man workman
working_person workman
louse worm
insect worm
dirt_ball worm
fuss-budget worrier
fusspot worrier
worrywart worrier
worshipper worshiper
grappler wrestler
matman wrestler
write-in write-in_candidate
author writer
yachtswoman yachtsman
jerker yanker
Yank yankee
Northerner yankee
yardbird yard_bird
trainmaster yardmaster
train_dispatcher yardmaster
yeoman_of_the_guard yeoman
beefeater yeoman
rube yokel
hick yokel
yahoo yokel
hayseed yokel
bumpkin yokel
chawbacon yokel
young_man young_buck
youth young_person
younker young_person
spring_chicken young_person
zombie zombi
living_dead zombi
zombie zombi
snake_god zombi
zombie zombi
zombi_spirit zombi
zombie_spirit zombi
animal_scientist zoologist
Alvar_Aalto aalto
Hugo_Alvar_Henrik_Aalto aalto
Henry_Louis_Aaron aaron
Hank_Aaron aaron
Niels_Abel abel
Niels_Henrik_Abel abel
Peter_Abelard abelard
Pierre_Abelard abelard
Ibrahim abraham
Dean_Acheson acheson
Dean_Gooderham_Acheson acheson
Robert_Adam adam
John_Adams adams
President_Adams adams
President_John_Adams adams
John_Quincy_Adams adams
President_Adams adams
President_John_Quincy_Adams adams
Sam_Adams adams
Samuel_Adams adams
Konrad_Adenauer adenauer
Edgar_Douglas_Adrian adrian
Baron_Adrian adrian
Louis_Agassiz agassiz
Jean_Louis_Rodolphe_Agassiz agassiz
James_Agee agee
Gnaeus_Julius_Agricola agricola
Marcus_Vipsanius_Agrippa agrippa
Agrippina_the_Elder agrippina
Agrippina_the_Younger agrippina
Conrad_Aiken aiken
Conrad_Potter_Aiken aiken
Alvin_Ailey ailey
Thomas_a_Kempis a_kempis
Akhenaten akhenaton
Ikhanaton akhenaton
Amenhotep_IV akhenaton
Edward_Albee albee
Edward_Franklin_Albeen albee
Josef_Albers albers
Prince_Albert albert
Albert_Francis_Charles_Augustus_Emmanuel albert
Leon_Battista_Alberti alberti
Louisa_May_Alcott alcott
Alexander_the_Great alexander
Czar_Alexander_I alexander_i
Aleksandr_Pavlovich alexander_i
Czar_Alexander_II alexander_ii
Alexander_the_Liberator alexander_ii
Czar_Alexander_III alexander_iii
Pope_Alexander_VI alexander_vi
Borgia alexander_vi
Rodrigo_Borgia alexander_vi
Alfred_the_Great alfred
Horatio_Alger alger
Nelson_Algren algren
Alhacen alhazen
al-Haytham alhazen
Ibn_al-Haytham alhazen
Al-Hasan_ibn_al-Haytham alhazen
Muhammad_Ali ali
Cassius_Clay ali
Cassius_Marcellus_Clay ali
Ethan_Allen allen
Woody_Allen allen
Allen_Stewart_Konigsberg allen
Gracie_Allen allen
Grace_Ethel_Cecile_Rosalie_Allen allen
Gracie allen
Alicia_Alonso alonso
Nicolo_Amati amati
Nicola_Amati amati
Saint_Ambrose ambrose
St._Ambrose ambrose
Roald_Amundsen amundsen
Hans_Christian_Andersen andersen
Carl_Anderson anderson
Carl_David_Anderson anderson
Marian_Anderson anderson
Maxwell_Anderson anderson
Philip_Anderson anderson
Philip_Warren_Anderson anderson
Phil_Anderson anderson
Sherwood_Anderson anderson
Saint_Andrew andrew
St._Andrew andrew
Saint_Andrew_the_Apostle andrew
Roy_Chapman_Andrews andrews
Jean_Anouilh anouilh
Saint_Anselm anselm
St._Anselm anselm
Susan_Anthony anthony
Susan_B._Anthony anthony
Susan_Brownell_Anthony anthony
Antigonus_Cyclops antigonus
Monophthalmos antigonus
Aurelius antoninus
Marcus_Aurelius antoninus
Marcus_Aurelius_Antoninus antoninus
Marcus_Annius_Verus antoninus
Anthony antony
Mark_Antony antony
Mark_Anthony antony
Antonius antony
Marcus_Antonius antony
Guillaume_Apollinaire apollinaire
Wilhelm_Apollinaris_de_Kostrowitzki apollinaire
Edward_Appleton appleton
Sir_Edward_Victor_Appleton appleton
Thomas_Aquinas aquinas
Saint_Thomas aquinas
St._Thomas aquinas
Saint_Thomas_Aquinas aquinas
St._Thomas_Aquinas aquinas
Yasser_Arafat arafat
Louis_Aragon aragon
Hannah_Arendt arendt
Armin arminius
Hermann arminius
Jacobus_Arminius arminius
Jacob_Harmensen arminius
Jakob_Hermandszoon arminius
Louis_Armstrong armstrong
Satchmo armstrong
Neil_Armstrong armstrong
Benedict_Arnold arnold
Matthew_Arnold arnold
Jean_Arp arp
Hans_Arp arp
Svante_August_Arrhenius arrhenius
Artaxerxes artaxerxes_i
Artaxerxes artaxerxes_ii
King_Arthur arthur
Chester_A._Arthur arthur
Chester_Alan_Arthur arthur
President_Arthur arthur
Sholem_Asch asch
Shalom_Asch asch
Sholom_Asch asch
Arthur_Ashe ashe
Arthur_Robert_Ashe ashe
Sir_Frederick_Ashton ashton
Assurbanipal ashurbanipal
Asurbanipal ashurbanipal
Isaac_Asimov asimov
Fred_Astaire astaire
John_Jacob_Astor astor
Nancy_Witcher_Astor astor
Viscountess_Astor astor
Kemal_Ataturk ataturk
Kemal_Pasha ataturk
Mustafa_Kemal ataturk
Saint_Athanasius athanasius
St._Athanasius athanasius
Athanasius_the_Great athanasius
Attila_the_Hun attila
Scourge_of_God attila
Scourge_of_the_Gods attila
Clement_Attlee attlee
Clement_Richard_Attlee attlee
1st_Earl_Attlee attlee
Louis_Auchincloss auchincloss
Louis_Stanton_Auchincloss auchincloss
W._H._Auden auden
Wystan_Hugh_Auden auden
John_James_Audubon audubon
Saint_Augustine augustine
St._Augustine augustine
Augustine_of_Hippo augustine
Gaius_Octavianus augustus
Gaius_Julius_Caesar_Octavianus augustus
Octavian augustus
Jane_Austen austen
ibn-Roshd averroes
Abul-Walid_Mohammed_ibn-Ahmad_Ibn-Mohammed_ibn-Roshd averroes
ibn-Sina avicenna
Abu_Ali_al-Husain_ibn_Abdallah_ibn_Sina avicenna
Amedeo_Avogadro avogadro
Johann_Sebastian_Bach bach
Francis_Bacon bacon
Sir_Francis_Bacon bacon
Baron_Verulam bacon
1st_Baron_Verulam bacon
Viscount_St._Albans bacon
Roger_Bacon bacon
Karl_Baedeker baedeker
Nathan_Bailey bailey
Nathaniel_Bailey bailey
Pearl_Bailey bailey
Pearl_Mae_Bailey bailey
Mikhail_Bakunin bakunin
Mikhail_Aleksandrovich_Bakunin bakunin
George_Balanchine balanchine
Vasco_Nunez_de_Balboa balboa
Stanley_Baldwin baldwin
1st_Earl_Baldwin_of_Bewdley baldwin
James_Baldwin baldwin
James_Arthur_Baldwin baldwin
Cristobal_Balenciaga balenciaga
Arthur_James_Balfour balfour
1st_Earl_of_Balfour balfour
Lucille_Ball ball
Balthasar balthazar
Honore_Balzac balzac
Honore_de_Balzac balzac
Tallulah_Bankhead bankhead
Sir_Joseph_Banks banks
Roger_Bannister bannister
Sir_Roger_Gilbert_Bannister bannister
F._G._Banting banting
Sir_Frederick_Grant_Banting banting
Imamu_Amiri_Baraka baraka
LeRoi_Jones baraka
Robert_Barany barany
Khayr_ad-Din barbarossa
Samuel_Barber barber
John_Bardeen bardeen
Alben_Barkley barkley
Alben_William_Barkley barkley
P._T._Barnum barnum
Phineas_Taylor_Barnum barnum
James_Barrie barrie
J._M._Barrie barrie
James_Matthew_Barrie barrie
Sir_James_Matthew_Barrie barrie
Maurice_Barrymore barrymore
Herbert_Blythe barrymore
Georgiana_Barrymore barrymore
Georgiana_Emma_Barrymore barrymore
Lionel_Barrymore barrymore
Ethel_Barrymore barrymore
John_Barrymore barrymore
John_Barth barth
John_Simmons_Barth barth
Karl_Barth barth
Donald_Barthelme barthelme
Frederic_Auguste_Bartholdi bartholdi
Caspar_Bartholin bartholin
John_Bartlett bartlett
Robert_Bartlett bartlett
Robert_Abram_Bartlett bartlett
Captain_Bob bartlett
Bela_Bartok bartok
Bernard_Baruch baruch
Bernard_Mannes_Baruch baruch
Mikhail_Baryshnikov baryshnikov
St._Basil basil
Basil_of_Caesarea basil
Basil_the_Great basil
St._Basil_the_Great basil
Charles_Baudelaire baudelaire
Charles_Pierre_Baudelaire baudelaire
Frank_Baum baum
Lyman_Frank_Brown baum
Seigneur_de_Bayard bayard
Chevalier_de_Bayard bayard
Pierre_Terrail bayard
Pierre_de_Terrail bayard
Thomas_Bayes bayes
George_Beadle beadle
George_Wells_Beadle beadle
Francis_Beaumont beaumont
William_Beaumont beaumont
Simone_de_Beauvoir beauvoir
1st_Baron_Beaverbrook beaverbrook
William_Maxwell_Aitken beaverbrook
Thomas_a_Becket becket
Saint_Thomas_a_Becket becket
St._Thomas_a_Becket becket
Samuel_Beckett beckett
Henri_Becquerel becquerel
Antoine_Henri_Becquerel becquerel
Saint_Bede bede
St._Bede bede
Baeda bede
Saint_Baeda bede
St._Baeda bede
Beda bede
Saint_Beda bede
St._Beda bede
the_Venerable_Bede bede
Henry_Ward_Beecher beecher
Max_Beerbohm beerbohm
Sir_Henry_Maxmilian_Beerbohm beerbohm
van_Beethoven beethoven
Ludwig_van_Beethoven beethoven
Menachem_Begin begin
Peter_Behrens behrens
Alexander_Bell bell
Alexander_Graham_Bell bell
Vanessa_Bell bell
Vanessa_Stephen bell
Melville_Bell bell
Alexander_Melville_Bell bell
Bellarmino bellarmine
Cardinal_Bellarmine bellarmine
Roberto_Francesco_Romolo_Bellarmine bellarmine
Vincenzo_Bellini bellini
Hilaire_Belloc belloc
Joseph_Hilaire_Peter_Belloc belloc
Saul_Bellow bellow
Solomon_Bellow bellow
Robert_Benchley benchley
Robert_Charles_Benchley benchley
Saint_Benedict benedict
St._Benedict benedict
Prospero_Lambertini benedict_xiv
Giacomo_della_Chiesa benedict_xv
Ruth_Benedict benedict
Ruth_Fulton benedict
William_Rose_Benet benet
Stephen_Vincent_Benet benet
David_Ben_Gurion ben_gurion
David_Grun ben_gurion
Floyd_Bennett bennett
Jack_Benny benny
Benjamin_Kubelsky benny
Jeremy_Bentham bentham
Thomas_Hart_Benton benton
Old_Bullion benton
Thomas_Hart_Benton benton
Alban_Berg berg
Ingmar_Bergman bergman
Ingrid_Bergman bergman
Henri_Bergson bergson
Henri_Louis_Bergson bergson
Lavrenti_Pavlovich_Beria beria
Vitus_Bering bering
Behring bering
Vitus_Behring bering
Bishop_Berkeley berkeley
George_Berkeley berkeley
Hendrik_Petrus_Berlage berlage
Irving_Berlin berlin
Israel_Baline berlin
Hector_Berlioz berlioz
Louis-Hector_Berlioz berlioz
Claude_Bernard bernard
Sarah_Bernhardt bernhardt
Henriette_Rosine_Bernard bernhardt
Giovanni_Lorenzo_Bernini bernini
Jakob_Bernoulli bernoulli
Jacques_Bernoulli bernoulli
James_Bernoulli bernoulli
Johann_Bernoulli bernoulli
Jean_Bernoulli bernoulli
John_Bernoulli bernoulli
Daniel_Bernoulli bernoulli
Leonard_Bernstein bernstein
Lawrence_Peter_Berra berra
Yogi berra
Yogi_Berra berra
Chuck_Berry berry
Charles_Edward_Berry berry
Alphonse_Bertillon bertillon
Bernardo_Bertolucci bertolucci
Jons_Jakob_Berzelius berzelius
Friedrich_Wilhelm_Bessel bessel
Sir_Henry_Bessemer bessemer
C._H._Best best
Charles_Herbert_Best best
Hans_Bethe bethe
Hans_Albrecht_Bethe bethe
Mary_McLeod_Bethune bethune
William_Henry_Beveridge beveridge
First_Baron_Beveridge beveridge
Ernest_Bevin bevin
Ambrose_Bierce bierce
Ambrose_Gwinett_Bierce bierce
Alfred_Binet binet
Osama_bin_Laden bin_laden
Usama_bin_Laden bin_laden
von_Bismarck bismarck
Otto_von_Bismarck bismarck
Prince_Otto_von_Bismarck bismarck
Prince_Otto_Eduard_Leopold_von_Bismarck bismarck
Iron_Chancellor bismarck
Georges_Bizet bizet
Shirley_Temple_Black black
Shirley_Temple black
Joseph_Black black
Makataimeshekiakiak black_hawk
Tony_Blair blair
Anthony_Charles_Lynton_Blair blair
William_Blake blake
Louis_Bleriot bleriot
William_Bligh bligh
Captain_Bligh bligh
Marc_Blitzstein blitzstein
Ernest_Bloch bloch
Alexander_Alexandrovich_Blok blok
Aleksandr_Aleksandrovich_Blok blok
Leonard_Bloomfield bloomfield
von_Blucher blucher
G._L._von_Blucher blucher
Gebhard_Leberecht_von_Blucher blucher
Giovanni_Boccaccio boccaccio
Gianbattista_Bodoni bodoni
Jakob_Boehme boehme
Bohme boehme
Jakob_Bohme boehme
Boehm boehme
Jakob_Boehm boehme
Behmen boehme
Jakob_Behmen boehme
Heinrich_Boell boell
Heinrich_Theodor_Boell boell
Anicius_Manlius_Severinus_Boethius boethius
Humphrey_Bogart bogart
Humphrey_DeForest_Bogart bogart
Niels_Bohr bohr
Niels_Henrik_David_Bohr bohr
Anne_Boleyn boleyn
Simon_Bolivar bolivar
El_Libertador bolivar
Ludwig_Boltzmann boltzmann
Julian_Bond bond
Dietrich_Bonhoeffer bonhoeffer
Saint_Boniface boniface
St._Boniface boniface
Winfred boniface
Wynfrith boniface
Apostle_of_Germany boniface
Benedetto_Caetani boniface_viii
William_H._Bonney bonney
Billie_the_Kid bonney
Arna_Wendell_Bontemps bontemps
George_Boole boole
Daniel_Boone boone
John_Wilkes_Booth booth
Jorge_Borges borges
Jorge_Luis_Borges borges
Cesare_Borgia borgia
Lucrezia_Borgia borgia
Duchess_of_Ferrara borgia
Max_Born born
Aleksandr_Borodin borodin
Aleksandr_Porfirevich_Borodin borodin
Hieronymus_Bosch bosch
Jerom_Bos bosch
Satyendra_N._Bose bose
Satyendra_Nath_Bose bose
James_Boswell boswell
Sandro_Botticelli botticelli
Alessandro_di_Mariano_dei_Filipepi botticelli
Louis_Antoine_de_Bougainville bougainville
Pierre_Boulez boulez
Nathaniel_Bowditch bowditch
Thomas_Bowdler bowdler
Jim_Bowie bowie
James_Bowie bowie
Robert_Boyle boyle
Kay_Boyle boyle
Ray_Bradbury bradbury
Ray_Douglas_Bradbury bradbury
William_Bradford bradford
Omar_Bradley bradley
Omar_Nelson_Bradley bradley
Thomas_Bradley bradley
Tom_Bradley bradley
Anne_Bradstreet bradstreet
Anne_Dudley_Bradstreet bradstreet
James_Buchanan_Brady brady
Diamond_Jim_Brady brady
Diamond_Jim brady
Mathew_B._Brady brady
Braxton_Bragg bragg
Tycho_Brahe brahe
Johannes_Brahms brahms
Louis_Braille braille
Donato_Bramante bramante
Donato_d'Agnolo_Bramante bramante
Constantin_Brancusi brancusi
Willy_Brandt brandt
Georges_Braque braque
von_Braun braun
Wernher_von_Braun braun
Wernher_Magnus_Maximilian_von_Braun braun
Eva_Braun braun
Bertolt_Brecht brecht
Marcel_Lajos_Breuer breuer
Leonid_Brezhnev brezhnev
Leonid_Ilyich_Brezhnev brezhnev
Harry_Bridges bridges
Saint_Bridget bridget
St._Bridget bridget
Brigid bridget
Saint_Brigid bridget
St._Brigid bridget
Bride bridget
Saint_Bride bridget
St._Bride bridget
Daniel_Garrison_Brinton brinton
Benjamin_Britten britten
Edward_Benjamin_Britten britten
Lord_Britten_of_Aldeburgh britten
Pierre-Paul_Broca broca
Bertram_Brockhouse brockhouse
de_Broglie broglie
Louis_Victor_de_Broglie broglie
Charlotte_Bronte bronte
Emily_Bronte bronte
Emily_Jane_Bronte bronte
Currer_Bell bronte
Anne_Bronte bronte
Rupert_Brooke brooke
Van_Wyck_Brooks brooks
John_Brown brown
Robert_Brown brown
Charles_Farrar_Browne browne
Artemus_Ward browne
Hablot_Knight_Browne browne
Phiz browne
Elizabeth_Barrett_Browning browning
Robert_Browning browning
John_M._Browning browning
John_Moses_Browning browning
Robert_the_Bruce bruce
Robert_I bruce
David_Bruce bruce
Sir_David_Bruce bruce
Max_Bruch bruch
Anton_Bruckner bruckner
Breughel brueghel
Bruegel brueghel
Pieter_Brueghel brueghel
Pieter_Breughel brueghel
Pieter_Bruegel brueghel
Breughel_the_Elder brueghel
Pieter_Brueghel_the_Elder brueghel
George_Bryan_Brummell brummell
Beau_Brummell brummell
Filippo_Brunelleschi brunelleschi
Giordano_Bruno bruno
Saint_Bruno bruno
St._Bruno bruno
Marcus_Junius_Brutus brutus
William_Jennings_Bryan bryan
Great_Commoner bryan
Boy_Orator_of_the_Platte bryan
Martin_Buber buber
James_Buchanan buchanan
President_Buchanan buchanan
Eduard_Buchner buchner
Pearl_Buck buck
Pearl_Sydenstricker_Buck buck
Don_Budge budge
John_Donald_Budge budge
Nikolai_Ivanovich_Bukharin bukharin
Charles_Bullfinch bullfinch
Rudolf_Bultmann bultmann
Rudolf_Karl_Bultmann bultmann
Ralph_Bunche bunche
Ralph_Johnson_Bunche bunche
Robert_Bunsen bunsen
Robert_Wilhelm_Bunsen bunsen
Luis_Bunuel bunuel
John_Bunyan bunyan
Richard_Burbage burbage
Luther_Burbank burbank
Warren_Burger burger
Warren_E._Burger burger
Warren_Earl_Burger burger
Anthony_Burgess burgess
John_Burgoyne burgoyne
Gentleman_Johnny burgoyne
Martha_Jane_Burk burk
Burke burk
Martha_Jane_Burke burk
Calamity_Jane burk
Edmund_Burke burke
Frances_Hodgson_Burnett burnett
Frances_Eliza_Hodgson_Burnett burnett
Daniel_Hudson_Burnham burnham
Robert_Burns burns
George_Burns burns
Nathan_Birnbaum burns
A._E._Burnside burnside
Ambrose_Everett_Burnside burnside
Aaron_Burr burr
Edgar_Rice_Burroughs burroughs
William_Seward_Burroughs burroughs
William_Burroughs burroughs
William_S._Burroughs burroughs
William_Seward_Burroughs burroughs
Cyril_Burt burt
Cyril_Lodowic_Burt burt
Richard_Burton burton
Richard_Burton burton
Sir_Richard_Burton burton
Sir_Richard_Francis_Burton burton
George_Bush bush
George_H.W._Bush bush
George_Herbert_Walker_Bush bush
President_Bush bush
Vannevar_Bush bush
George_Bush bush
George_W._Bush bush
George_Walker_Bush bush
President_Bush bush
President_George_W._Bush bush
Dubyuh bush
Dubya bush
David_Bushnell bushnell
Father_of_the_Submarine bushnell
Samuel_Butler butler
Samuel_Butler butler
William_Butterfield butterfield
Richard_E._Byrd byrd
Richard_Evelyn_Byrd byrd
Admiral_Byrd byrd
William_Byrd byrd
Lord_George_Gordon_Byron byron
Sixth_Baron_Byron_of_Rochdale byron
James_Branch_Cabell cabell
John_Cabot cabot
Giovanni_Cabato cabot
Sebastian_Cabot cabot
Julius_Caesar caesar
Gaius_Julius_Caesar caesar
Sid_Caesar caesar
Sidney_Caesar caesar
John_Cage cage
John_Milton_Cage_Jr. cage
Count_Alessandro_di_Cagliostro cagliostro
Giuseppe_Balsamo cagliostro
Jimmy_Cagney cagney
James_Cagney cagney
Alexander_Calder calder
Calderon_de_la_Barca calderon
Pedro_Calderon_de_la_Barca calderon
Erskine_Caldwell caldwell
Erskine_Preston_Caldwell caldwell
Gaius caligula
Gaius_Caesar caligula
Guy_of_Burgundy calixtus_ii
Borgia calixtus_iii
Alfonso_Borgia calixtus_iii
Maria_Callas callas
Maria_Meneghini_Callas callas
John_Calvin calvin
Jean_Cauvin calvin
Jean_Caulvin calvin
Jean_Chauvin calvin
Melvin_Calvin calvin
Italo_Calvino calvino
Joseph_Campbell campbell
Albert_Camus camus
Elias_Canetti canetti
Cnut canute
Knut canute
Canute_the_Great canute
Karel_Capek capek
Al_Capone capone
Alphonse_Capone capone
Scarface capone
Frank_Capra capra
Michelangelo_Merisi_da_Caravaggio caravaggio
Giosue_Carducci carducci
Thomas_Carew carew
Carl_XVI_Gustaf carl_xvi_gustav
Thomas_Carlyle carlyle
Hoagy_Carmichael carmichael
Hoagland_Howard_Carmichael carmichael
Andrew_Carnegie carnegie
Dale_Carnegie carnegie
Sadi_Carnot carnot
Nicolas_Leonard_Sadi_Carnot carnot
Wallace_Carothers carothers
Wallace_Hume_Carothers carothers
Alexis_Carrel carrel
John_Merven_Carrere carrere
Lewis_Carroll carroll
Dodgson carroll
Reverend_Dodgson carroll
Charles_Dodgson carroll
Charles_Lutwidge_Dodgson carroll
Kit_Carson carson
Christopher_Carson carson
Rachel_Carson carson
Rachel_Louise_Carson carson
Jimmy_Carter carter
James_Earl_Carter carter
James_Earl_Carter_Jr. carter
President_Carter carter
Howard_Carter carter
Jacques_Cartier cartier
Edmund_Cartwright cartwright
Enrico_Caruso caruso
George_Washington_Carver carver
Pablo_Casals casals
Giovanni_Jacopo_Casanova casanova
Casanova_de_Seingalt casanova
Giovanni_Jacopo_Casanova_de_Seingalt casanova
Johnny_Cash cash
John_Cash cash
Gaspar caspar
Ernst_Cassirer cassirer
Cassius_Longinus cassius
Gaius_Cassius_Longinus cassius
Fidel_Castro castro
Fidel_Castro_Ruz castro
Willa_Cather cather
Willa_Sibert_Cather cather
Catherine catherine_ii
Catherine_the_Great catherine_ii
Catherine catherine_of_aragon
Gaius_Valerius_Catullus catullus
Edith_Cavell cavell
Edith_Louisa_Cavell cavell
Henry_Cavendish cavendish
William_Caxton caxton
Benvenuto_Cellini cellini
Anders_Celsius celsius
Miguel_de_Cervantes cervantes
Cervantes_Saavedra cervantes
Miguel_de_Cervantes_Saavedra cervantes
Paul_Cezanne cezanne
Marc_Chagall chagall
Neville_Chamberlain chamberlain
Arthur_Neville_Chamberlain chamberlain
William_Chambers chambers
Sir_William_Chambers chambers
Samuel_de_Champlain champlain
Jean_Francois_Champollion champollion
Raymond_Chandler chandler
Raymond_Thornton_Chandler chandler
Charlie_Chaplin chaplin
Sir_Charles_Spencer_Chaplin chaplin
John_Chapman chapman
Johnny_Appleseed chapman
Ernst_Boris_Chain chain
Sir_Ernst_Boris_Chain chain
Hugh_Capet capet
James_McKeen_Cattell cattell
Ray_Cattell cattell
R._B._Cattell cattell
Raymond_B._Cattell cattell
Raymond_Bernard_Cattell cattell
Jean_Martin_Charcot charcot
Carolus charlemagne
Charles charlemagne
Charles_I charlemagne
Charles_the_Great charlemagne
Jacques_Charles charles
Jacques_Alexandre_Cesar_Charles charles
Prince_Charles charles
Charles_I charles
Charles_Stuart charles
Charles_II charles
Charles_II charles
Charles_I charles
Charles_the_Bald charles
Charles_VII charles
Charles_IX charles
Salmon_P._Chase chase
Salmon_Portland_Chase chase
Francois_Rene_Chateaubriand chateaubriand
Vicomte_de_Chateaubriand chateaubriand
Geoffrey_Chaucer chaucer
Cesar_Chavez chavez
Cesar_Estrada_Chavez chavez
Carlos_Chavez chavez
John_Cheever cheever
Chekov chekhov
Anton_Chekhov chekhov
Anton_Chekov chekhov
Anton_Pavlovich_Chekhov chekhov
Anton_Pavlovich_Chekov chekhov
Luigi_Cherubini cherubini
Maria_Luigi_Carlo_Zenobio_Cherubini cherubini
Fourth_Earl_of_Chesterfield chesterfield
Philip_Dormer_Stanhope chesterfield
G._K._Chesterton chesterton
Gilbert_Keith_Chesterton chesterton
Maurice_Chevalier chevalier
Chiang_Chung-cheng chiang_kai-shek
Thomas_Chippendale chippendale
Giorgio_de_Chirico chirico
Noam_Chomsky chomsky
A._Noam_Chomsky chomsky
Frederic_Francois_Chopin chopin
Kate_Chopin chopin
Kate_O'Flaherty_Chopin chopin
Agatha_Christie christie
Dame_Agatha_Mary_Clarissa_Christie christie
Saint_Christopher christopher
St._Christopher christopher
Winston_Churchill churchill
Winston_S._Churchill churchill
Sir_Winston_Leonard_Spenser_Churchill churchill
John_Churchill churchill
Duke_of_Marlborough churchill
First_Duke_of_Marlborough churchill
John_Ciardi ciardi
John_Anthony_Ciardi ciardi
Marcus_Tullius_Cicero cicero
Tully cicero
Giovanni_Cimabue cimabue
Lucius_Quinctius_Cincinnatus cincinnatus
Joe_Clark clark
Charles_Joseph_Clark clark
Kenneth_Clark clark
Kenneth_Bancroft_Clark clark
Mark_Clark clark
Mark_Wayne_Clark clark
William_Clark clark
Claudius_I claudius
Tiberius_Claudius_Drusus_Nero_Germanicus claudius
Karl_von_Clausewitz clausewitz
Henry_Clay clay
the_Great_Compromiser clay
Lucius_Clay clay
Lucius_DuBignon_Clay clay
Georges_Clemenceau clemenceau
Georges_Eugene_Benjamin_Clemenceau clemenceau
Samuel_Langhorne_Clemens clemens
Mark_Twain clemens
Guibert_of_Ravenna clement_iii
Giulio_de'_Medici clement_vii
Giovanni_Francesco_Albani clement_xi
Lorenzo_Ganganelli clement_xiv
Grover_Cleveland cleveland
Stephen_Grover_Cleveland cleveland
President_Cleveland cleveland
Martin_Cline cline
DeWitt_Clinton clinton
Bill_Clinton clinton
William_Jefferson_Clinton clinton
President_Clinton clinton
Hilary_Clinton clinton
Hilary_Rodham_Clinton clinton
Robert_Clive clive
Baron_Clive clive
Baron_Clive_of_Plassey clive
Clovis_I clovis
Imogene_Coca coca
Jacqueline_Cochran cochran
Sir_John_Cockcroft cockcroft
Sir_John_Douglas_Cockcroft cockcroft
Jean_Cocteau cocteau
William_F._Cody cody
William_Frederick_Cody cody
Buffalo_Bill cody
Buffalo_Bill_Cody cody
George_M._Cohan cohan
George_Michael_Cohan cohan
Ferdinand_Julius_Cohn cohn
Samuel_Taylor_Coleridge coleridge
Sidonie-Gabrielle_Colette colette
Sidonie-Gabrielle_Claudine_Colette colette
Wilkie_Collins collins
William_Wilkie_Collins collins
Christopher_Columbus columbus
Cristoforo_Colombo columbus
Cristobal_Colon columbus
John_Amos_Comenius comenius
Jan_Amos_Komensky comenius
Arthur_Compton compton
Arthur_Holly_Compton compton
Anthony_Comstock comstock
Auguste_Comte comte
Isidore_Auguste_Marie_Francois_Comte comte
A._Conan_Doyle conan_doyle
Arthur_Conan_Doyle conan_doyle
Sir_Arthur_Conan_Doyle conan_doyle
Marquis_de_Condorcet condorcet
Marie_Jean_Antoine_Nicolas_Caritat condorcet
Kongfuze confucius
K'ung_Futzu confucius
Kong_the_Master confucius
William_Congreve congreve
Maureen_Catherine_Connolly connolly
Little_Mo_Connolly connolly
Jimmy_Conors connors
James_Scott_Connors connors
Joseph_Conrad conrad
Teodor_Josef_Konrad_Korzeniowski conrad
John_Constable constable
Constantine_I constantine
Constantine_the_Great constantine
Flavius_Valerius_Constantinus constantine
James_Cook cook
Captain_Cook cook
Captain_James_Cook cook
Jay_Cooke cooke
Alistair_Cooke cooke
Alfred_Alistair_Cooke cooke
Calvin_Coolidge coolidge
President_Coolidge coolidge
James_Fenimore_Cooper cooper
Gary_Cooper cooper
Frank_Cooper cooper
Peter_Cooper cooper
Nicolaus_Copernicus copernicus
Mikolaj_Kopernik copernicus
Aaron_Copland copland
John_Copley copley
John_Singleton_Copley copley
Francis_Ford_Coppola coppola
Jim_Corbett corbett
James_John_Corbett corbett
Gentleman_Jim corbett
Charlotte_Corday corday
Marie_Anne_Charlotte_Corday_d'Armont corday
Francisco_Fernandez_Cordoba cordoba
Cordova cordoba
Francisco_Fernandez_de_Cordova cordoba
Arcangelo_Corelli corelli
Pierre_Corneille corneille
Ezra_Cornell cornell
Katherine_Cornell cornell
Charles_Cornwallis cornwallis
First_Marquess_Cornwallis cornwallis
Jean_Baptiste_Camille_Corot corot
Antonio_Allegri_da_Correggio correggio
Cortez cortes
Hernando_Cortes cortes
Hernando_Cortez cortes
Hernan_Cortes cortes
Hernan_Cortez cortes
Cosimo_the_Elder cosimo_de_medici
Emile_Coue coue
Charles_Augustin_de_Coulomb coulomb
Francois_Couperin couperin
Gustave_Courbet courbet
Margaret_Court court
Jacques_Costeau cousteau
Jacques_Yves_Costeau cousteau
Noel_Coward coward
Sir_Noel_Pierce_Coward coward
William_Cowper cowper
William_Cowper cowper
William_A._Craigie craigie
Sir_William_Alexander_Craigie craigie
Hart_Crane crane
Harold_Hart_Crane crane
Stephen_Crane crane
Joan_Crawford crawford
Thomas_Crawford crawford
Tashunca-Uitco crazy_horse
James_Crichton crichton
The_Admirable_Crichton crichton
Francis_Crick crick
Francis_Henry_Compton_Crick crick
Saint_Crispin crispin
St._Crispin crispin
Davy_Crockett crockett
David_Crockett crockett
Burrill_Bernard_Crohn crohn
Oliver_Cromwell cromwell
Ironsides cromwell
Hume_Cronyn cronyn
Hume_Blake_Cronyn cronyn
William_Crookes crookes
Sir_William_Crookes crookes
Bing_Crosby crosby
Harry_Lillis_Crosby crosby
Russel_Crouse crouse
Ely_Culbertson culbertson
William_Augustus cumberland
Duke_of_Cumberland cumberland
Butcher_Cumberland cumberland
e._e._cummings cummings
Edward_Estlin_Cummings cummings
Merce_Cunningham cunningham
Marie_Curie curie
Madame_Curie curie
Marya_Sklodowska curie
Pierre_Curie curie
Robert_Curl curl
Robert_F._Curl curl
Robert_Floyd_Curl_Jr. curl
Nathaniel_Currier currier
William_Curtis curtis
Glenn_Curtiss curtiss
Glenn_Hammond_Curtiss curtiss
Harvey_Cushing cushing
Harvery_Williams_Cushing cushing
George_Armstrong_Custer custer
General_Custer custer
Georges_Cuvier cuvier
Baron_Georges_Cuvier cuvier
Georges_Leopold_Chretien_Frederic_Dagobert_Cuvier cuvier
Cynwulf cynewulf
Savinien_Cyrano_de_Bergerac cyrano_de_bergerac
Saint_Cyril cyril
St._Cyril cyril
Cyrus_the_Younger cyrus
Cyrus_the_Elder cyrus_ii
Cyrus_the_Great cyrus_ii
Karl_Czerny czerny
Vasco_da_Gamma da_gamma
Gamma da_gamma
Louis_Jacques_Mande_Daguerre daguerre
Gottlieb_Daimler daimler
Salvador_Dali dali
John_Dalton dalton
Dante_Alighieri dante
Georges_Jacques_Danton danton
Darius_the_Great darius_i
Clarence_Darrow darrow
Clarence_Seward_Darrow darrow
Charles_Darwin darwin
Charles_Robert_Darwin darwin
Honore_Daumier daumier
Jacques_Louis_David david
Saint_David david
St._David david
Bette_Davis davis
Dwight_Davis davis
Dwight_Filley_Davis davis
Jefferson_Davis davis
Miles_Davis davis
Miles_Dewey_Davis_Jr. davis
Stuart_Davis davis
Humphrey_Davy davy
Sir_Humphrey_Davy davy
John_Davys davys
Davis davys
John_Davis davys
William_Dawes dawes
Clarence_Day day
Clarence_Shepard_Day_Jr. day
Moshe_Dayan dayan
James_Dean dean
James_Byron_Dean dean
Michael_Ellis_De_Bakey de_bakey
Eugene_V._Debs debs
Eugene_Victor_Debs debs
Claude_Debussey debussy
Claude_Achille_Debussy debussy
Stephen_Decatur decatur
John_Deere deere
Daniel_Defoe defoe
Lee_De_Forest de_forest
Father_of_Radio de_forest
Edgar_Degas degas
Hilaire_Germain_Edgar_Degas degas
General_de_Gaulle de_gaulle
Charles_de_Gaulle de_gaulle
General_Charles_de_Gaulle de_gaulle
Charles_Andre_Joseph_Marie_de_Gaulle de_gaulle
Decker dekker
Thomas_Dekker dekker
Thomas_Decker dekker
Willem_de_Kooning de_kooning
Eugene_Delacroix delacroix
Ferdinand_Victor_Eugene_Delacroix delacroix
Walter_de_la_Mare de_la_mare
Walter_John_de_la_Mare de_la_mare
Max_Delbruck delbruck
Leo_Delibes delibes
Clement_Philibert_Leo_Delibes delibes
Frederick_Delius delius
Philibert_Delorme delorme
de_l'Orme delorme
Philibert_de_l'Orme delorme
Demetrius_I demetrius
Demetrius_Poliorcetes demetrius
Agnes_de_Mille de_mille
Agnes_George_de_Mille de_mille
Cecil_B._DeMille demille
Cecil_Blount_DeMille demille
Jack_Dempsey dempsey
William_Harrison_Dempsey dempsey
Manassa_Mauler dempsey
Teng_Hsiao-ping deng_xiaoping
Teng_Hsiaoping deng_xiaoping
Robert_De_Niro de_niro
Gerard_Depardieu depardieu
Thomas_De_Quincey de_quincey
Andre_Derain derain
Jacques_Derrida derrida
Ferdinand_de_Saussure de_saussure
Saussure de_saussure
Rene_Descartes descartes
Vittorio_De_Sica de_sica
Eamon_de_Valera de_valera
De_Vries devries
Hugo_deVries devries
Hugo_De_Vries devries
Sir_James_Dewar dewar
John_Dewey dewey
George_Dewey dewey
Admiral_Dewey dewey
Melvil_Dewey dewey
Melville_Louis_Kossuth_Dewey dewey
Sergei_Diaghilev diaghilev
Sergei_Pavlovich_Diaghilev diaghilev
Princess_Diana diana
Princess_of_Wales diana
Lady_Diana_Frances_Spencer diana
Duchesse_de_Valentinois diane_de_poitiers
Diaz dias
Bartholomeu_Dias dias
Bartholomeu_Diaz dias
Charles_Dickens dickens
Charles_John_Huffam_Dickens dickens
Emily_Dickinson dickinson
Denis_Diderot diderot
Joan_Didion didion
Rudolf_Diesel diesel
Rudolf_Christian_Karl_Diesel diesel
Marlene_Dietrich dietrich
Maria_Magdalene_von_Losch dietrich
Joe_DiMaggio dimaggio
Joseph_Paul_DiMaggio dimaggio
Isak_Dinesen dinesen
Blixen dinesen
Karen_Blixen dinesen
Baroness_Karen_Blixen dinesen
Gaius_Aurelius_Valerius_Diocletian diocletian
Dionysius_the_Elder dionysius
Christian_Dior dior
Paul_Adrien_Maurice_Dirac dirac
Walt_Disney disney
Walter_Elias_Disney disney
Benjamin_Disraeli disraeli
First_Earl_of_Beaconsfield disraeli
Dorothea_Dix dix
Dorothea_Lynde_Dix dix
E._L._Doctorow doctorow
Edgard_Lawrence_Doctorow doctorow
Ray_M._Dolby dolby
Placido_Domingo domingo
Saint_Dominic dominic
St._Dominic dominic
Domingo_de_Guzman dominic
Fats_Domino domino
Antoine_Domino domino
Titus_Flavius_Domitianus domitian
Donato_di_Betto_Bardi donatello
Aelius_Donatus donatus
Gaetano_Donizetti donizetti
Bryan_Donkin donkin
John_Donne donne
Jimmy_Doolittle doolittle
James_Harold_Doolittle doolittle
Christian_Johann_Doppler doppler
John_Dos_Passos dos_passos
John_Roderigo_Dos_Passos dos_passos
Dostoevski dostoyevsky
Dostoevsky dostoyevsky
Feodor_Dostoyevsky dostoyevsky
Fyodor_Dostoyevsky dostoyevsky
Feodor_Dostoevski dostoyevsky
Fyodor_Dostoevski dostoyevsky
Feodor_Dostoevsky dostoyevsky
Fyodor_Dostoevsky dostoyevsky
Feodor_Mikhailovich_Dostoyevsky dostoyevsky
Fyodor_Mikhailovich_Dostoyevsky dostoyevsky
Feodor_Mikhailovich_Dostoevski dostoyevsky
Fyodor_Mikhailovich_Dostoevski dostoyevsky
Feodor_Mikhailovich_Dostoevsky dostoyevsky
Fyodor_Mikhailovich_Dostoevsky dostoyevsky
Stephen_A._Douglas douglas
Stephen_Arnold_Douglas douglas
Little_Giant douglas
Frederick_Douglass douglass
Hugh_Dowding dowding
Baron_Hugh_Caswall_Tremenheere_Dowding dowding
Dowdy dowding
John_Dowland dowland
John_L._H._Down down
Andrew_Jackson_Downing downing
Richard_D'Oyly_Carte d'oyly_carte
Francis_Drake drake
Sir_Francis_Drake drake
Theodore_Dreiser dreiser
Theodore_Herman_Albert_Dreiser dreiser
John_Drew drew
Alfred_Dreyfus dreyfus
John_Dryden dryden
Comtesse_Du_Barry du_barry
Marie_Jeanne_Becu du_barry
W._E._B._Du_Bois du_bois
William_Edward_Burghardt_Du_Bois du_bois
Marcel_Duchamp duchamp
Raoul_Dufy dufy
Paul_Dukas dukas
John_Foster_Dulles dulles
Alexandre_Dumas dumas
George_du_Maurier du_maurier
George_Louis_Palmella_Busson_du_Maurier du_maurier
Daphne_du_Maurier du_maurier
Dame_Daphne_du_Maurier du_maurier
Isadora_Duncan duncan
John_Duns_Scotus duns_scotus
Will_Durant durant
William_James_Durant durant
Jimmy_Durante durante
Albrecht_Durer durer
Emile_Durkheim durkheim
Lawrence_Durrell durrell
Lawrence_George_Durrell durrell
Eleonora_Duse duse
Francois_Duvalier duvalier
Papa_Doc duvalier
Jean-Claude_Duvalier duvalier
Baby_Doc duvalier
Antonin_Dvorak dvorak
Bob_Dylan dylan
Charles_Eames eames
Amelia_Earhart earhart
George_Eastman eastman
John_Eccles eccles
Sir_John_Carew_Eccles eccles
Johann_Eck eck
Johann_Maier_Eck eck
Johann_Maier eck
Johannes_Eckhart eckhart
Meister_Eckhart eckhart
Sir_Arthur_Stanley_Eddington eddington
Mary_Baker_Eddy eddy
Mary_Morse_Baker_Eddy eddy
Gertrude_Ederle ederle
Gertrude_Caroline_Ederle ederle
Thomas_Edison edison
Thomas_Alva_Edison edison
Edmund_Ironside edmund_ii
Black_Prince edward
Prince_Edward edward
Edward_Antony_Richard_Louis edward
Edward_I edward
Edward_II edward
Edward_III edward
Edward_IV edward
Edward_V edward
Edward_VI edward
Edward_VII edward
Albert_Edward edward
Edward_VIII edward
Duke_of_Windsor edward
Jonathan_Edwards edwards
Saint_Edward_the_Confessor edward_the_confessor
St._Edward_the_Confessor edward_the_confessor
Saint_Edward_the_Martyr edward_the_martyr
St._Edward_the_Martyr edward_the_martyr
Eadwig edwy
Andre_Eglevsky eglevsky
Ilya_Ehrenberg ehrenberg
Ilya_Grigorievich_Ehrenberg ehrenberg
Paul_Ehrlich ehrlich
Adolf_Eichmann eichmann
Karl_Adolf_Eichmann eichmann
Alexandre_Gustave_Eiffel eiffel
Manfred_Eigen eigen
Christiaan_Eijkman eijkman
Albert_Einstein einstein
Willem_Einthoven einthoven
Dwight_Eisenhower eisenhower
Dwight_D._Eisenhower eisenhower
Dwight_David_Eisenhower eisenhower
Ike eisenhower
President_Eisenhower eisenhower
Alfred_Eisenstaedt eisenstaedt
Sergei_Eisenstein eisenstein
Sergei_Mikhailovich_Eisenstein eisenstein
Vagn_Walfrid_Ekman ekman
Sir_Edward_Elgar elgar
Sir_Edward_William_Elgar elgar
Greco el_greco
Domenikos_Theotocopoulos el_greco
George_Eliot eliot
Mary_Ann_Evans eliot
T._S._Eliot eliot
Thomas_Stearns_Eliot eliot
Elizabeth_I elizabeth
Elizabeth_II elizabeth
Duke_Ellington ellington
Edward_Kennedy_Ellington ellington
Ralph_Ellison ellison
Ralph_Waldo_Ellison ellison
Oliver_Ellsworth ellsworth
Ralph_Waldo_Emerson emerson
Endicott endecott
John_Endecott endecott
John_Endicott endecott
Georges_Enesco enesco
George_Enescu enesco
Friedrich_Engels engels
Jacob_Epstein epstein
Sir_Jacob_Epstein epstein
Desiderius_Erasmus erasmus
Gerhard_Gerhards erasmus
Geert_Geerts erasmus
Richard_August_Carl_Emil_Erlenmeyer erlenmeyer
Max_Ernst ernst
Julius_Erving erving
Julius_Winfield_Erving erving
Dr._J erving
Leo_Esaki esaki
Ethelred_I ethelred
Ethelred_II ethelred
Ethelred_the_Unready ethelred
Prince_Eugene_of_Savoy eugene
Leonhard_Euler euler
Eusebius_of_Caesarea eusebius
Bartolommeo_Eustachio eustachio
Arthur_Evans evans
Sir_Arthur_John_Evans evans
Herbert_McLean_Evans evans
Medgar_Evers evers
Medgar_Wiley_Evers evers
Chris_Evert evert
Chrissie_Evert evert
Christine_Marie_Evert evert
van_Eyck eyck
Jan_van_Eyck eyck
Hans_Eysenck eysenck
H._J._Eysenck eysenck
Hans_Jurgen_Eysenck eysenck
Ezechiel ezekiel
Peter_Carl_Faberge faberge
Fahd_ibn_Abdel_Aziz_al-Saud fahd
Gabriel_Daniel_Fahrenheit fahrenheit
Douglas_Fairbanks fairbanks
Douglas_Elton_Fairbanks fairbanks
Julius_Ullman fairbanks
Douglas_Fairbanks_Jr. fairbanks
Faisal_ibn_Abdel_Aziz_al-Saud faisal
Manuel_de_Falla falla
Gabriele_Fallopius fallopius
Fallopio fallopius
Gabriello_Fallopio fallopius
Etienne-Louis_Arthur_Fallot fallot
Michael_Faraday faraday
Fannie_Farmer farmer
Fannie_Merritt_Farmer farmer
James_Leonard_Farmer farmer
Faruk_I farouk_i
David_Glasgow_Farragut farragut
Eileen_Farrell farrell
James_Thomas_Farrell farrell
Fatimah fatima
William_Faulkner faulkner
William_Cuthbert_Faulkner faulkner
Falkner faulkner
William_Falkner faulkner
Guy_Fawkes fawkes
Gustav_Theodor_Fechner fechner
Jules_Feifer feifer
Federico_Fellini fellini
Edna_Ferber ferber
Ferdinand_the_Great ferdinand_i
King_Ferdinand ferdinand
Ferdinand_of_Aragon ferdinand
Ferdinand_V ferdinand
Ferdinand_the_Catholic ferdinand
Pierre_de_Fermat fermat
Enrico_Fermi fermi
Richard_Feynman feynman
Richard_Phillips_Feynman feynman
Arthur_Fiedler fiedler
Henry_Fielding fielding
W._C._Fields fields
William_Claude_Dukenfield fields
Millard_Fillmore fillmore
President_Fillmore fillmore
Vigdis_Finnbogadottir finnbogadottir
J._R._Firth firth
John_Rupert_Firth firth
Bobby_Fischer fischer
Robert_James_Fischer fischer
Emil_Hermann_Fischer fischer
Hans_Fischer fischer
Ella_Fitzgerald fitzgerald
F._Scott_Fitzgerald fitzgerald
Francis_Scott_Key_Fitzgerald fitzgerald
Edward_Fitzgerald fitzgerald
Gaius_Flaminius flaminius
Gustave_Flaubert flaubert
Alexander_Fleming fleming
Sir_Alexander_Fleming fleming
Ian_Fleming fleming
Ian_Lancaster_Fleming fleming
John_Fletcher fletcher
Matthew_Flinders flinders
Sir_Matthew_Flinders flinders
Howard_Florey florey
Sir_Howard_Walter_Florey florey
John_Florio florio
Paul_John_Flory flory
Henry_Fonda fonda
Jane_Fonda fonda
Lynn_Fontanne fontanne
Dame_Margot_Fonteyn fonteyn
Henry_Ford ford
Gerald_Ford ford
Gerald_R._Ford ford
Gerald_Rudolph_Ford ford
President_Ford ford
Ford_Madox_Ford ford
Ford_Hermann_Hueffer ford
Edsel_Bryant_Ford ford
Henry_Ford_II ford
John_Ford ford
C._S._Forester forester
Cecil_Scott_Forester forester
Dick_Fosbury fosbury
Richard_D._Fosbury fosbury
Stephen_Foster foster
Stephen_Collins_Foster foster
Jean_Bernard_Leon_Foucault foucault
Charles_Fourier fourier
Francois_Marie_Charles_Fourier fourier
Jean_Baptiste_Joseph_Fourier fourier
Baron_Jean_Baptiste_Joseph_Fourier fourier
Henry_Watson_Fowler fowler
George_Fox fox
Charles_James_Fox fox
Jean_Honore_Fragonard fragonard
Anatole_France france
Jacques_Anatole_Francois_Thibault france
Emperor_Francis_II francis_ii
Franz_Ferdinand francis_ferdinand
Franz_Joseph francis_joseph
Francis_Joseph_I francis_joseph
Franz_Josef_I francis_joseph
Saint_Francis_of_Assisi francis_of_assisi
St._Francis_of_Assisi francis_of_assisi
Saint_Francis francis_of_assisi
St._Francis francis_of_assisi
Giovanni_di_Bernardone francis_of_assisi
James_Franck franck
Cesar_Franck franck
Francisco_Franco franco
El_Caudillo franco
General_Franco franco
Benjamin_Franklin franklin
John_Hope_Franklin franklin
James_George_Frazer frazer
Sir_James_George_Frazer frazer
Frederick_Barbarossa frederick_i
Barbarossa frederick_i
Holy_Roman_Emperor_Frederick_II frederick_ii
Frederick_the_Great frederick_ii
Great_Elector frederick_william
John_C._Fremont fremont
John_Charles_Fremont fremont
Daniel_Chester_French french
Augustin_Jean_Fresnel fresnel
Sigmund_Freud freud
Henry_Clay_Frick frick
Betty_Friedan friedan
Betty_Naomi_Friedan friedan
Betty_Naomi_Goldstein_Friedan friedan
Milton_Friedman friedman
Karl_von_Frisch frisch
Ragnar_Frisch frisch
Ragnar_Anton_Kittil_Frisch frisch
Otto_Frisch frisch
Otto_Robert_Frisch frisch
Sir_Martin_Frobisher frobisher
Friedrich_Froebel froebel
Friedrich_Wilhelm_August_Froebel froebel
Robert_Frost frost
Robert_Lee_Frost frost
Christopher_Fry fry
Roger_Fry fry
Roger_Eliot_Fry fry
Northrop_Frye frye
Herman_Northrop_Frye frye
Klaus_Fuchs fuchs
Emil_Klaus_Julius_Fuchs fuchs
Carlos_Fuentes fuentes
Athol_Fugard fugard
William_Fulbright fulbright
James_William_Fulbright fulbright
Buckminster_Fuller fuller
R._Buckminster_Fuller fuller
Richard_Buckminster_Fuller fuller
Melville_W._Fuller fuller
Melville_Weston_Fuller fuller
Robert_Fulton fulton
Casimir_Funk funk
Frederick_James_Furnivall furnivall
Clark_Gable gable
William_Clark_Gable gable
Dennis_Gabor gabor
Emile_Gaboriau gaboriau
Yuri_Gagarin gagarin
Yuri_Alekseyevich_Gagarin gagarin
Thomas_Gainsborough gainsborough
Sir_Galahad galahad
John_Galbraith galbraith
John_Kenneth_Galbraith galbraith
Galileo_Galilei galileo
Thomas_Hopkins_Gallaudet gallaudet
Evariste_Galois galois
John_Galsworthy galsworthy
Francis_Galton galton
Sir_Francis_Galton galton
Luigi_Galvani galvani
George_Gamow gamow
Mahatma_Gandhi gandhi
Mohandas_Karamchand_Gandhi gandhi
Indira_Gandhi gandhi
Indira_Nehru_Gandhi gandhi
Mrs._Gandhi gandhi
Greta_Garbo garbo
Greta_Louisa_Gustafsson garbo
Frederico_Garcia_Lorca garcia_lorca
Lorca garcia_lorca
Samuel_Rawson_Gardiner gardiner
Erle_Stanley_Gardner gardner
Isabella_Stewart_Gardner gardner
James_Garfield garfield
James_A._Garfield garfield
James_Abraham_Garfield garfield
President_Garfield garfield
Giuseppe_Garibaldi garibaldi
Judy_Garland garland
Jean_Louis_Charles_Garnier garnier
David_Garrick garrick
William_Lloyd_Garrison garrison
Elizabeth_Gaskell gaskell
Elizabeth_Cleghorn_Stevenson_Gaskell gaskell
Bill_Gates gates
William_Henry_Gates gates
Richard_Jordan_Gatling gatling
Antonio_Gaudi gaudi
Gaudi_i_Cornet gaudi
Antonio_Gaudi_i_Cornet gaudi
Paul_Gauguin gauguin
Karl_Gauss gauss
Karl_Friedrich_Gauss gauss
Sir_Gawain gawain
Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac gay-lussac
Lou_Gehrig gehrig
Henry_Louis_Gehrig gehrig
Hans_Geiger geiger
Theodor_Seuss_Geisel geisel
Dr._Seuss geisel
Murray_Gell-Mann gell-mann
Jean_Genet genet
Edmund_Charles_Edouard_Genet genet
Citizen_Genet genet
Jinghis_Khan genghis_khan
Jenghiz_Khan genghis_khan
Temujin genghis_khan
Gaiseric genseric
George_I george
George_II george
George_III george
George_IV george
George_V george
George_VI george
Saint_George george
St._George george
Sir_Geraint geraint
George_Gershwin gershwin
Ira_Gershwin gershwin
Arnold_Gesell gesell
Arnold_Lucius_Gesell gesell
Konrad_von_Gesner gesner
Alberto_Giacometti giacometti
Edward_Gibbon gibbon
Josiah_Willard_Gibbs gibbs
Kahlil_Gibran gibran
Althea_Gibson gibson
Mel_Gibson gibson
Mel_Columcille_Gerard_Gibson gibson
C._D._Gibson gibson
Charles_Dana_Gibson gibson
Andre_Gide gide
Andre_Paul_Guillaume_Gide gide
Sir_John_Gielgud gielgud
Arthur_John_Gielgud gielgud
Cass_Gilbert gilbert
Humphrey_Gilbert gilbert
Sir_Humphrey_Gilbert gilbert
William_Gilbert gilbert
William_Gilbert gilbert
William_S._Gilbert gilbert
William_Schwenk_Gilbert gilbert
Sir_William_Gilbert gilbert
Dizzy_Gillespie gillespie
John_Birks_Gillespie gillespie
King_Camp_Gilette gillette
Charlotte_Anna_Perkins_Gilman gilman
Elizabeth_Merriwether_Gilmer gilmer
Dorothy_Dix gilmer
Allen_Ginsberg ginsberg
Giotto_di_Bondone giotto
Stephen_Girard girard
Jean_Giraudoux giraudoux
Hippolyte_Jean_Giraudoux giraudoux
Lillian_Gish gish
Karl_Gjellerup gjellerup
William_Gladstone gladstone
William_Ewart_Gladstone gladstone
Donald_Glaser glaser
Donald_Arthur_Glaser glaser
Owen_Glendower glendower
John_Glenn glenn
John_Herschel_Glenn_Jr. glenn
Mikhail_Glinka glinka
Mikhail_Ivanovich_Glinka glinka
Christoph_Willibald_von_Gluck gluck
Jean_Luc_Godard godard
Robert_Hutchings_Goddard goddard
Kurt_Godel godel
Lady_Godiva godiva
Boris_Godunov godunov
Boris_Fyodorovich_Godunov godunov
Joseph_Goebbels goebbels
Paul_Joseph_Goebbels goebbels
George_Washington_Goethals goethals
Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe goethe
Nikolai_Vasilievich_Gogol gogol
Rube_Goldberg goldberg
Reuben_Lucius_Goldberg goldberg
William_Golding golding
Sir_William_Gerald_Golding golding
Emma_Goldman goldman
Peter_Goldmark goldmark
Peter_Carl_Goldmark goldmark
Carlo_Goldoni goldoni
Oliver_Goldsmith goldsmith
Sam_Goldwyn goldwyn
Samuel_Goldwyn goldwyn
Camillo_Golgi golgi
Witold_Gombrowicz gombrowicz
Samuel_Gompers gompers
Edmond_de_Goncourt goncourt
Edmond_Louis_Antoine_Huot_de_Goncourt goncourt
Jules_de_Goncourt goncourt
Jules_Alfred_Huot_de_Goncourt goncourt
Luis_de_Gongora_y_Argote gongora
Maud_Gonne gonne
Jane_Goodall goodall
Benny_Goodman goodman
Benjamin_David_Goodman goodman
King_of_Swing goodman
Charles_Goodyear goodyear
Mikhail_Gorbachev gorbachev
Mikhail_Sergeyevich_Gorbachev gorbachev
Nadine_Gordimer gordimer
Al_Gore gore
Albert_Gore_Jr. gore
William_Crawford_Gorgas gorgas
Goering goring
Hermann_Goring goring
Hermann_Goering goring
Hermann_Wilhelm_Goring goring
Maksim_Gorky gorky
Gorki gorky
Maxim_Gorki gorky
Aleksey_Maksimovich_Peshkov gorky
Aleksey_Maximovich_Peshkov gorky
Frederic_Goudy goudy
Frederic_William_Goudy goudy
Jay_Gould gould
Stephen_Jay_Gould gould
Charles_Francois_Gounod gounod
Goya_y_Lucientes goya
Francisco_Goya goya
Francisco_de_Goya goya
Francisco_Jose_de_Goya goya
Francisco_Jose_de_Goya_y_Lucientes goya
Steffi_Graf graf
Stephanie_Graf graf
Martha_Graham graham
Billy_Graham graham
William_Franklin_Graham graham
Kenneth_Grahame grahame
Percy_Grainger grainger
Percy_Aldridge_Grainger grainger
George_Percy_Aldridge_Grainger grainger
Hans_C._J._Gram gram
Ulysses_Grant grant
Ulysses_S._Grant grant
Ulysses_Simpson_Grant grant
Hiram_Ulysses_Grant grant
President_Grant grant
Cary_Grant grant
Duncan_Grant grant
Duncan_James_Corrow_Grant grant
Harley_Granville-Barker granville-barker
Stephane_Grappelli grappelli
Gunter_Grass grass
Gunter_Wilhelm_Grass grass
Robert_Graves graves
Robert_Ranke_Graves graves
Asa_Gray gray
Robert_Gray gray
Thomas_Gray gray
Louis_Harold_Gray gray
Horace_Greeley greeley
William_Green green
Joseph_Greenberg greenberg
Graham_Greene greene
Henry_Graham_Greene greene
Gregory_I gregory
Saint_Gregory_I gregory
St._Gregory_I gregory
Gregory_the_Great gregory
Gregory_VII gregory
Hildebrand gregory
Gregory_XII gregory
Angelo_Correr gregory
Gregory_XIII gregory
Ugo_Buoncompagni gregory
Gregory_XVI gregory
Bartolomeo_Alberto_Capillari gregory
Gregory_Nazianzen gregory
Gregory_of_Nazianzen gregory
St._Gregory_of_Nazianzen gregory
Sir_Thomas_Gresham gresham
Wayne_Gretzky gretzky
Charles_Grey grey
Second_Earl_Grey grey
Lady_Jane_Grey grey
Zane_Grey grey
Edvard_Grieg grieg
Edvard_Hagerup_Grieg grieg
D._W._Griffith griffith
David_Lewelyn_Wark_Griffith griffith
Jakob_Grimm grimm
Jakob_Ludwig_Karl_Grimm grimm
Wilhelm_Grimm grimm
Wilhelm_Karl_Grimm grimm
Jaun_Gris gris
Andrei_Gromyko gromyko
Andrei_Andreyevich_Gromyko gromyko
Walter_Gropius gropius
Hugo_Grotius grotius
Huig_de_Groot grotius
Leslie_Richard_Groves groves
Guarnieri guarneri
Guarnerius guarneri
Andrea_Guarneri guarneri
Guarnieri guarneri
Guarnerius guarneri
Guiseppe_Guarneri guarneri
Ernesto_Guevara guevara
Che_Guevara guevara
Guenevere guinevere
Edgar_Guest guest
Edgar_Albert_Guest guest
Meyer_Guggenheim guggenheim
Solomon_Guggenheim guggenheim
Alec_Guinness guinness
Sir_Alec_Guinness guinness
Gustavus_I gustavus
Gustavus_II gustavus
Gustavus_Adolphus gustavus
Gustavus_III gustavus
Gustavus_IV gustavus
Gustavus_V gustavus
Gustavus_VI gustavus
Johann_Gutenberg gutenberg
Johannes_Gutenberg gutenberg
Woody_Guthrie guthrie
Woodrow_Wilson_Guthrie guthrie
Gywn gwynn
Gynne gwynn
Nell_Gwynn gwynn
Nell_Gywn gwynn
Nell_Gwynne gwynn
Eleanor_Gwynn gwynn
Eleanor_Gwyn gwynn
Eleanor_Gwynne gwynn
Fritz_Haber haber
Publius_Aelius_Hadrianus hadrian
Adrian hadrian
Ernst_Heinrich_Haeckel haeckel
Aggeus haggai
Rider_Haggard haggard
Sir_Henry_Rider_Haggard haggard
Otto_Hahn hahn
Ras_Tafari_Makonnen haile_selassie
Ras_Tafari haile_selassie
Richard_Haldane haldane
Richard_Burdon_Haldane haldane
First_Viscount_Haldane_of_Cloan haldane
Elizabeth_Haldane haldane
Elizabeth_Sanderson_Haldane haldane
John_Haldane haldane
John_Scott_Haldane haldane
J._B._S._Haldane haldane
John_Burdon_Sanderson_Haldane haldane
Edward_Everett_Hale hale
George_Ellery_Hale hale
Nathan_Hale hale
Fromental_Halevy halevy
Jacques_Francois_Fromental_Elie_Halevy halevy
Alex_Haley haley
Bill_Haley haley
William_John_Clifton_Haley_Jr. haley
Asaph_Hall hall
Charles_Francis_Hall hall
Charles_Martin_Hall hall
G._Stanley_Hall hall
Granville_Stanley_Hall hall
Radclyffe_Hall hall
Marguerite_Radclyffe_Hall hall
Edmond_Halley halley
Edmund_Halley halley
Frans_Hals hals
Alexander_Hamilton hamilton
Alice_Hamilton hamilton
Lady_Emma_Hamilton hamilton
Amy_Lyon hamilton
William_Rowan_Hamilton hamilton
Sir_William_Rowan_Hamilton hamilton
Dag_Hammarskjold hammarskjold
Dag_Hjalmar_Agne_Carl_Hammarskjold hammarskjold
Oscar_Hammerstein hammerstein
Oscar_Hammerstein_II hammerstein
Dashiell_Hammett hammett
Samuel_Dashiell_Hammett hammett
Hammurapi hammurabi
Lionel_Hampton hampton
Knut_Hamsun hamsun
Knut_Pedersen hamsun
John_Hancock hancock
George_Frideric_Handel handel
George_Frederick_Handel handel
Georg_Friedrich_Handel handel
W._C._Handy handy
William_Christopher_Handy handy
Tom_Hanks hanks
Thomas_J._Hanks hanks
Warren_Harding harding
Warren_Gamaliel_Harding harding
President_Harding harding
Thomas_Hardy hardy
Oliver_Hardy hardy
James_Hargreaves hargreaves
Jean_Harlow harlow
Harlean_Carpenter harlow
Alfred_Charles_William_Harmsworth harmsworth
Viscount_Northcliffe harmsworth
King_Harold_I harold_i
Harold_Harefoot harold_i
Harefoot harold_i
King_Harold_II harold_ii
E._H._Harriman harriman
Edward_Henry_Harriman harriman
Averell_Harriman harriman
William_Averell_Harriman harriman
Benjamin_Harris harris
Bomber_Harris harris
Sir_Arthur_Travers_Harris harris
Frank_Harris harris
James_Thomas_Harris harris
Townsend_Harris harris
Zellig_Harris harris
Zellig_Sabbatai_Harris harris
Joel_Harris harris
Joel_Chandler_Harris harris
William_Henry_Harrison harrison
President_Harrison harrison
President_William_Henry_Harrison harrison
Benjamin_Harrison harrison
President_Harrison harrison
President_Benjamin_Harrison harrison
George_Harrison harrison
Rex_Harrison harrison
Sir_Rex_Harrison harrison
Reginald_Carey_Harrison harrison
Charles_Henry_Harrod harrod
Charles_Digby_Harrod harrod
Lorenz_Hart hart
Lorenz_Milton_Hart hart
Moss_Hart hart
Bret_Harte harte
David_Hartley hartley
John_Harvard harvard
William_Harvey harvey
Jaroslav_Hasek hasek
Childe_Hassam hassam
Frederick_Childe_Hassam hassam
Odd_Hassel hassel
Thomas_Hastings hastings
Anne_Hathaway hathaway
Vaclav_Havel havel
Stephen_Hawking hawking
Stephen_William_Hawking hawking
Coleman_Hawkins hawkins
Hawkyns hawkins
Sir_John_Hawkins hawkins
Sir_John_Hawkyns hawkins
Sir_Walter_Norman_Haworth haworth
Nathaniel_Hawthorne hawthorne
Joseph_Haydn haydn
Franz_Joseph_Haydn haydn
Friedrich_August_von_Hayek hayek
Rutherford_B._Hayes hayes
Rutherford_Birchard_Hayes hayes
President_Hayes hayes
Helen_Hayes hayes
Arthur_Garfield_Hays hays
Will_Hays hays
William_Harrison_Hays hays
Big_Bill_Haywood haywood
William_Dudley_Haywood haywood
William_Hazlitt hazlitt
William_Randolph_Hearst hearst
Oliver_Heaviside heaviside
Friedrich_Hebbel hebbel
Christian_Friedrich_Hebbel hebbel
Ben_Hecht hecht
Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel hegel
Martin_Heidegger heidegger
Robert_A._Heinlein heinlein
Robert_Anson_Heinlein heinlein
Henry_John_Heinz heinz
Werner_Karl_Heisenberg heisenberg
Joseph_Heller heller
Lillian_Hellman hellman
Hermann_von_Helmholtz helmholtz
Hermann_Ludwig_Ferdinand_von_Helmholtz helmholtz
Baron_Hermann_Ludwig_Ferdinand_von_Helmholtz helmholtz
Hemminge heming
John_Heming heming
John_Hemminge heming
Ernest_Hemingway hemingway
Jimi_Hendrix hendrix
James_Marshall_Hendrix hendrix
Joseph_Henry henry
Patrick_Henry henry
William_Henry henry
Henry_Beauclerc henry_i
Bolingbroke henry_iv
Henry_Bolingbroke henry_iv
Henry_of_Navarre henry_iv
Henry_the_Great henry_iv
Henry_Tudor henry_vii
Jim_Henson henson
Katharine_Hepburn hepburn
Katharine_Houghton_Hepburn hepburn
Barbara_Hepworth hepworth
Dame_Barbara_Hepworth hepworth
Johann_Friedrich_Herbart herbart
Victor_Herbert herbert
Johann_Gottfried_von_Herder herder
Woody_Herman herman
Woodrow_Charles_Herman herman
Heron hero
Hero_of_Alexandria hero
Herod_the_Great herod
Robert_Herrick herrick
William_Herschel herschel
Sir_William_Herschel herschel
Sir_Frederick_William_Herschel herschel
John_Herschel herschel
Sir_John_Herschel herschel
Sir_John_Frederick_William_Herschel herschel
Milton_Snavely_Hershey hershey
Gustav_Hertz hertz
Gustav_Ludwig_Hertz hertz
Heinrich_Hertz hertz
Heinrich_Rudolph_Hertz hertz
Gerhard_Herzberg herzberg
Victor_Hess hess
Victor_Franz_Hess hess
Rudolf_Hess hess
Walther_Richard_Rudolf_Hess hess
Walter_Hess hess
Walter_Rudolf_Hess hess
Dame_Myra_Hess hess
Hermann_Hesse hesse
George_Charles_Hevesy_de_Hevesy hevesy
Thor_Hyerdahl heyerdahl
Joroslav_Heyrovsky heyrovsky
Paul_Heyse heyse
Paul_Johann_Ludwig_von_Heyse heyse
DuBois_Heyward heyward
Edwin_DuBois_Hayward heyward
Ezekias hezekiah
Wild_Bill_Hickock hickock
James_Butler_Hickock hickock
Thomas_Higginson higginson
Thomas_Wentworth_Storrow_Higginson higginson
David_Hilbert hilbert
Benny_Hill hill
Alfred_Hawthorne hill
J._J._Hill hill
James_Jerome_Hill hill
Edmund_Hillary hillary
Sir_Edmund_Hillary hillary
Sir_Edmund_Percival_Hillary hillary
Heinrich_Himmler himmler
Bernard_Hinault hinault
Paul_Hindemith hindemith
Paul_von_Hindenburg hindenburg
Paul_Ludwig_von_Beneckendorff_und_von_Hindenburg hindenburg
Michinomiya_Hirohito hirohito
Al_Hirschfeld hirschfeld
Harold_Hirschsprung hirschsprung
Alfred_Hitchcock hitchcock
Sir_Alfred_Hitchcock hitchcock
Alfred_Joseph_Hitchcock hitchcock
George_Herbert_Hitchings hitchings
Adolf_Hitler hitler
Der_Fuhrer hitler
Hudson_Hoagland hoagland
Thomas_Hobbes hobbes
Sir_Jack_Hobbs hobbs
John_Berry_Hobbs hobbs
Nguyen_Tat_Thanh ho_chi_minh
Alan_Hodgkin hodgkin
Sir_Alan_Hodgkin hodgkin
Alan_Lloyd_Hodgkin hodgkin
Dorothy_Hodgkin hodgkin
Dorothy_Mary_Crowfoot_Hodgkin hodgkin
Thomas_Hodgkin hodgkin
Jimmy_Hoffa hoffa
James_Riddle_Hoffa hoffa
Dustin_Hoffman hoffman
Malvina_Hoffman hoffman
E._T._A._Hoffmann hoffmann
Ernst_Theodor_Amadeus_Hoffmann hoffmann
Ernst_Theodor_Wilhelm_Hoffmann hoffmann
Roald_Hoffmann hoffmann
August_Wilhelm_von_Hoffmann hoffmann
Josef_Hoffmann hoffmann
Hugo_von_Hoffmannsthal hoffmannsthal
Ben_Hogan hogan
William_Benjamin_Hogan hogan
William_Hogarth hogarth
James_Hogg hogg
Katsushika_Hokusai hokusai
Hans_Holbein holbein
Holbein_the_Elder holbein
Hans_Holbein holbein
Holbein_the_Younger holbein
Herman_Hollerith hollerith
Buddy_Holly holly
Charles_Hardin_Holley holly
Arthur_Holmes holmes
Oliver_Wendell_Holmes holmes
Oliver_Wendell_Holmes_Jr. holmes
Winslow_Homer homer
Arthur_Honegger honegger
Robert_Hooke hooke
Richard_Hooker hooker
Joseph_Hooker hooker
Fighting_Joe_Hooker hooker
Herbert_Hoover hoover
Herbert_Clark_Hoover hoover
President_Hoover hoover
J._Edgar_Hoover hoover
John_Edgar_Hoover hoover
William_Hoover hoover
William_Henry_Hoover hoover
Bob_Hope hope
Leslie_Townes_Hope hope
Anthony_Hopkins hopkins
Sir_Anthony_Hopkins hopkins
Sir_Anthony_Philip_Hopkins hopkins
Sir_Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins hopkins
Gerard_Manley_Hopkins hopkins
Johns_Hopkins hopkins
Mark_Hopkins hopkins
Francis_Hopkinson hopkinson
Lena_Horne horne
Lena_Calhoun_Horne horne
Marilyn_Horne horne
Karen_Horney horney
Karen_Danielsen_Horney horney
Vladimir_Horowitz horowitz
Victor_Horta horta
Harry_Houdini houdini
Erik_Weisz houdini
Henry_Oscar_Houghton houghton
A._E._Housman housman
Alfred_Edward_Housman housman
Sam_Houston houston
Samuel_Houston houston
Catherine_Howard howard
Leslie_Howard howard
Leslie_Howard_Stainer howard
Elias_Howe howe
Julia_Ward_Howe howe
Gordie_Howe howe
Gordon_Howe howe
Irving_Howe howe
William_Dean_Howells howells
Edmond_Hoyle hoyle
Fred_Hoyle hoyle
Sir_Fred_Hoyle hoyle
L._Ron_Hubbard hubbard
Edwin_Hubble hubble
Edwin_Powell_Hubble hubble
David_Hubel hubel
Henry_Hudson hudson
W._H._Hudson hudson
William_Henry_Hudson hudson
Sir_William_Huggins huggins
Charles_Evans_Hughes hughes
Howard_Hughes hughes
Howard_Robard_Hughes hughes
Langston_Hughes hughes
James_Langston_Hughes hughes
Ted_Hughes hughes
Edward_James_Hughes hughes
Victor_Hugo hugo
Victor-Marie_Hugo hugo
Cordell_Hull hull
Isaac_Hull hull
Baron_Alexander_von_Humboldt humboldt
Baron_Friedrich_Heinrich_Alexander_von_Humboldt humboldt
Baron_Wilhelm_von_Humboldt humboldt
Baron_Karl_Wilhelm_von_Humboldt humboldt
David_Hume hume
Engelbert_Humperdinck humperdinck
Leigh_Hunt hunt
James_Henry_Leigh_Hunt hunt
Richard_Morris_Hunt hunt
Holman_Hunt hunt
William_Holman_Hunt hunt
Collis_Potter_Huntington huntington
Samuel_Huntington huntington
George_Huntington huntington
Sol_Hurok hurok
Solomon_Hurok hurok
John_Huss huss
Hus huss
Jan_Hus huss
Husain hussein
Husayn hussein
ibn_Talal_Hussein hussein
King_Hussein hussein
Husain hussein
Husayn hussein
Saddam_Hussein hussein
Saddam hussein
Saddam_bin_Hussein_at-Takriti hussein
Edmund_Husserl husserl
John_Huston huston
Robert_Maynard_Hutchins hutchins
Anne_Hutchinson hutchinson
James_Hutton hutton
Sir_Leonard_Hutton hutton
Thomas_Huxley huxley
Thomas_Henry_Huxley huxley
Aldous_Huxley huxley
Aldous_Leonard_Huxley huxley
Andrew_Huxley huxley
Andrew_Fielding_Huxley huxley
Christiaan_Huygens huygens
Christian_Huygens huygens
Jacques_Francois_Antoine_Ibert ibert
Henrik_Ibsen ibsen
Henrik_Johan_Ibsen ibsen
Julio_Iglesias iglesias
Saint_Ignatius ignatius
St._Ignatius ignatius
Saint_Ignatius_of_Loyola ignatius_of_loyola
St._Ignatius_of_Loyola ignatius_of_loyola
Loyola ignatius_of_loyola
Robert_Indiana indiana
William_Inge inge
William_Ralph_Inge inge
Gloomy_Dean inge
Jean_Auguste_Dominique_Ingres ingres
Lotario_di_Segni innocent_iii
Giovanni_Battista_Cibo innocent_viii
Benedetto_Odescalchi innocent_xi
Antonio_Pignatelli innocent_xii
Eugene_Ionesco ionesco
Saint_Irenaeus irenaeus
St._Irenaeus irenaeus
John_Irving irving
Washington_Irving irving
Queen_Isabella isabella
Isabella_I isabella
Isabella_the_Catholic isabella
Christopher_Isherwood isherwood
Christopher_William_Bradshaw_Isherwood isherwood
Ivan_III_Vasilievich ivan_iii
Ivan_the_Great ivan_iii
Ivan_Iv_Vasilievich ivan_iv
Ivan_the_Terrible ivan_iv
Lev_Ivanov ivanov
James_Ives ives
James_Merritt_Ives ives
Charles_Edward_Ives ives
Andrew_Jackson jackson
Old_Hickory jackson
Thomas_Jackson jackson
Thomas_J._Jackson jackson
Thomas_Jonathan_Jackson jackson
Stonewall_Jackson jackson
Helen_Hunt_Jackson jackson
Helen_Maria_Fiske_Hunt_Jackson jackson
Jesse_Jackson jackson
Jesse_Louis_Jackson jackson
Mahalia_Jackson jackson
Michael_Jackson jackson
Michael_Joe_Jackson jackson
Glenda_Jackson jackson
Francois_Jacob jacob
Karl_Gustav_Jacob_Jacobi jacobi
Aletta_Jacobs jacobs
Jane_Jacobs jacobs
W._W._Jacobs jacobs
William_Wymark_Jacobs jacobs
Joseph_M._Jacquard jacquard
Joseph_Marie_Jacquard jacquard
Jafar jaffar
Jaffar_Umar_Thalib jaffar
Jafar_Umar_Thalib jaffar
Mick_Jagger jagger
Michael_Philip_Jagger jagger
Roman_Jakobson jakobson
Roman_Osipovich_Jakobson jakobson
Saint_James james
St._James james
Saint_James_the_Apostle james
St._James_the_Apostle james
Henry_James james
William_James james
Jesse_James james
James_I james
King_James james
King_James_I james
James_II james
James_IV james
Judith_Jamison jamison
Cornelis_Jansen jansen
Cornelius_Jansenius jansen
Randall_Jarrell jarrell
Karl_Jaspers jaspers
Karl_Theodor_Jaspers jaspers
John_Jay jay
Joan_of_Arc jeanne_d'arc
Saint_Joan jeanne_d'arc
Robinson_Jeffers jeffers
John_Robinson_Jeffers jeffers
Thomas_Jefferson jefferson
President_Jefferson jefferson
Edward_Jenner jenner
William_Le_Baron_Jenny jenny
Johannes_Vilhelm_Jensen jensen
Jeroboam_I jeroboam
Saint_Jerome jerome
St._Jerome jerome
Hieronymus jerome
Eusebius_Hieronymus jerome
Eusebius_Sophronius_Hieronymus jerome
Otto_Jespersen jespersen
Jens_Otto_Harry_Jespersen jespersen
Jesus_of_Nazareth jesus
the_Nazarene jesus
Jesus_Christ jesus
Christ jesus
Savior jesus
Saviour jesus
Good_Shepherd jesus
Redeemer jesus
Deliverer jesus
William_Stanley_Jevons jevons
Norman_Jewison jewison
Juan_Ramon_Jimenez jimenez
Francisco_Jimenez_de_Cisneros jimenez_de_cisneros
Muhammad_Ali_Jinnah jinnah
Joseph_Joachim joachim
Joseph_Jacques_Cesaire_Joffre joffre
Robert_Joffrey joffrey
Saint_John john
St._John john
Saint_John_the_Apostle john
St._John_the_Apostle john
John_the_Evangelist john
John_the_Divine john
King_John john
John_Lackland john
Angelo_Guiseppe_Roncalli john_xxiii
St._John_Chrysostom john_chrysostom
Duke_of_Lancaster john_of_gaunt
St._John_the_Baptist john_the_baptist
Albino_Luciano john_paul_i
Karol_Wojtyla john_paul_ii
Jasper_Johns johns
Andrew_Johnson johnson
President_Johnson johnson
President_Andrew_Johnson johnson
Lyndon_Johnson johnson
Lyndon_Baines_Johnson johnson
LBJ johnson
President_Johnson johnson
President_Lyndon_Johnson johnson
Samuel_Johnson johnson
Dr._Johnson johnson
J._E._Johnston johnston
Joseph_Eggleston_Johnston johnston
Jean-Frederic_Joliot joliot
Joliot-Curie joliot
Jean-Frederic_Joliot-Curie joliot
Irene_Joliot-Curie joliot-curie
Louis_Jolliet jolliet
Joliet jolliet
Louis_Joliet jolliet
Al_Jolson jolson
Asa_Yoelson jolson
Daniel_Jones jones
Inigo_Jones jones
John_Paul_Jones jones
Bobby_Jones jones
Robert_Tyre_Jones jones
Casey_Jones jones
John_Luther_Jones jones
Mother_Jones jones
Mary_Harris_Jones jones
Erica_Jong jong
Ben_Jonson jonson
Benjamin_Jonson jonson
Scott_Joplin joplin
Janis_Joplin joplin
Chief_Joseph joseph
Flavius_Josephus josephus
Joseph_ben_Matthias josephus
James_Prescott_Joule joule
Benjamin_Jowett jowett
James_Joyce joyce
James_Augustine_Aloysius_Joyce joyce
Juan_Carlos_Victor_Maria_de_Borbon_y_Borbon juan_carlos
Judas_Iscariot judas
Saint_Jude jude
St._Jude jude
Judas jude
Thaddaeus jude
Julian_the_Apostate julian
Flavius_Claudius_Julianus julian
Carl_Jung jung
Carl_Gustav_Jung jung
Hugo_Junkers junkers
Antoine_Laurent_de_Jussieu jussieu
Justinian_I justinian
Justinian_the_Great justinian
Decimus_Junius_Juvenalis juvenal
Aram_Kachaturian kachaturian
Franz_Kafka kafka
Louis_Isadore_Kahn kahn
Mikhail_Kalinin kalinin
Mikhail_Ivanovich_Kalinin kalinin
Kamehameha_the_Great kamehameha_i
Wassily_Kandinsky kandinsky
Kandinski kandinsky
Wassily_Kandinski kandinsky
Immanuel_Kant kant
Erik_Axel_Karlfeldt karlfeldt
Boris_Karloff karloff
William_Henry_Pratt karloff
Anatoli_Karpov karpov
Anatoli_Yevgenevich_Karpov karpov
Tamara_Karsavina karsavina
Gary_Kasparov kasparov
Gary_Weinstein kasparov
Alfred_Kastler kastler
George_S._Kaufman kaufman
George_Simon_Kaufman kaufman
Kenneth_Kaunda kaunda
Kenneth_David_Kaunda kaunda
Elia_Kazan kazan
Elia_Kazanjoglous kazan
Edmund_Kean kean
Buster_Keaton keaton
Joseph_Francis_Keaton keaton
John_Keats keats
John_Keble keble
Friedrich_August_Kekule kekule
Friedrich_August_Kekule_von_Stradonitz kekule
Helen_Keller keller
Helen_Adams_Keller keller
W._K._Kellogg kellogg
Will_Keith_Kellog kellogg
Gene_Kelly kelly
Eugene_Curran_Kelly kelly
Grace_Kelly kelly
Grace_Patricia_Kelly kelly
Princess_Grace_of_Monaco kelly
Emmett_Kelly kelly
Weary_Willie kelly
First_Baron_Kelvin kelvin
William_Thompson kelvin
Edward_Kendall kendall
Edward_Calvin_Kendall kendall
Sir_John_Cowdery_Kendrew kendrew
George_F._Kennan kennan
George_Frost_Kennan kennan
Jack_Kennedy kennedy
John_Fitzgerald_Kennedy kennedy
JFK kennedy
President_Kennedy kennedy
President_John_F._Kennedy kennedy
A._E._Kennelly kennelly
Arthur_Edwin_Kennelly kennelly
Rockwell_Kent kent
Jomo_Kenyata kenyata
Johannes_Kepler kepler
Johan_Kepler kepler
Aleksandr_Feodorovich_Kerensky kerensky
Jerome_Kern kern
Jerome_David_Kern kern
Jack_Kerouac kerouac
Jean-Louis_Lebris_de_Kerouac kerouac
Ken_Kesey kesey
Ken_Elton_Kesey kesey
Charles_Kettering kettering
Charles_Franklin_Kettering kettering
Francis_Scott_Key key
John_Maynard_Keynes keynes
Aram_Khachaturian khachaturian
Aram_Ilich_Khachaturian khachaturian
Sir_Seretse_Khama khama
Ruholla_Khomeini khomeini
Ayatollah_Khomeini khomeini
Ayatollah_Ruholla_Khomeini khomeini
Nikita_Khrushchev khrushchev
Nikita_Sergeyevich_Khrushchev khrushchev
William_Kidd kidd
Captain_Kidd kidd
Soren_Kierkegaard kierkegaard
Soren_Aabye_Kierkegaard kierkegaard
Krzysztof_Kieslowski kieslowski
Martin_Luther_King king
Martin_Luther_King_Jr. king
B._B._King king
Riley_B_King king
Billie_Jean_King king
Billie_Jean_Moffitt_King king
Alfred_Charles_Kinsey kinsey
Rudyard_Kipling kipling
Joseph_Rudyard_Kipling kipling
G._R._Kirchhoff kirchhoff
Gustav_Robert_Kirchhoff kirchhoff
Ernst_Ludwig_Kirchner kirchner
Henry_Kissinger kissinger
Henry_Alfred_Kissinger kissinger
Herbert_Kitchener kitchener
Horatio_Herbert_Kitchener kitchener
First_Earl_Kitchener_of_Khartoum kitchener
Martin_Heinrich_Klaproth klaproth
Paul_Klee klee
Calvin_Klein klein
Calvin_Richard_Klein klein
Melanie_Klein klein
Felix_Klein klein
Heinrich_von_Kleist kleist
Bernd_Heinrich_Wilhelm_von_Kleist kleist
Gustav_Klimt klimt
Franz_Kline kline
Franz_Joseph_Kline kline
Harry_F._Klinefelter klinefelter
Harry_Fitch_Kleinfelter klinefelter
Friedrich_Gottlieb_Klopstock klopstock
John_Knox knox
Robert_Koch koch
Arthur_Koestler koestler
Fumimaro_Konoe konoe
Prince_Fumimaro_Konoe konoe
Konoye konoe
Fumimaro_Konoye konoe
Prince_Fumimaro_Konoye konoe
Tjalling_Koopmans koopmans
Tjalling_Charles_Koopmans koopmans
Olga_Korbut korbut
Viktor_Korchnoi korchnoi
Viktor_Lvovich_Korchnoi korchnoi
Sir_Alexander_Korda korda
Sandor_Kellner korda
Alfred_Korzybski korzybski
Alfred_Habdank_Skarbek_Korzybski korzybski
Thaddeus_Kosciusko kosciusko
Kosciuszko kosciusko
Tadeusz_Andrzej_Bonawentura_Kosciuszko kosciusko
Serge_Koussevitzky koussevitzky
Sergei_Aleksandrovich_Koussevitzky koussevitzky
Richard_von_Krafft-Ebing krafft-ebing
Baron_Richard_von_Krafft-Ebing krafft-ebing
Lee_Krasner krasner
Hans_Adolf_Krebs krebs
Sir_Hans_Adolf_Krebs krebs
Fritz_Kreisler kreisler
Alfred_Kroeber kroeber
Alfred_Louis_Kroeber kroeber
Leopold_Kronecker kronecker
Prince_Peter_Kropotkin kropotkin
Pyotr_Alexeyevich_Kropotkin kropotkin
Harold_Kroto kroto
Harold_W._Kroto kroto
Sir_Harold_Walter_Kroto kroto
Oom_Paul_Kruger kruger
Stephanus_Johannes_Paulus_Kruger kruger
Friedrich_Krupp krupp
Alfred_Krupp krupp
Kubla_Khan kublai_khan
Kublai_Kaan kublai_khan
Stanley_Kubrick kubrick
Richard_Kuhn kuhn
Gerard_Kuiper kuiper
Gerard_Peter_Kuiper kuiper
Akira_Kurosawa kurosawa
Mikhail_Ilarionovich_Kutuzov kutuzov
Prince_of_Smolensk kutuzov
Simon_Kuznets kuznets
Kid kyd
Thomas_Kyd kyd
Thomas_Kid kyd
Rudolph_Laban laban
Henri_Labrouste labrouste
Gaston_Lachaise lachaise
La_Fayette lafayette
Marie_Joseph_Paul_Yves_Roch_Gilbert_du_Motier lafayette
Marquis_de_Lafayette lafayette
Arthur_Laffer laffer
Lafitte laffite
Jean_Laffite laffite
Jean_Lafitte laffite
Jean_de_La_Fontaine la_fontaine
Jean_Baptiste_de_Lamarck lamarck
Chevalier_de_Lamarck lamarck
Charles_Lamb lamb
Elia lamb
Constant_Lambert lambert
Leonard_Constant_Lambert lambert
Sir_Lancelot lancelot
Din_Land land
Edwin_Herbert_Land land
Lev_Davidovich_Landau landau
Wanda_Landowska landowska
Karl_Landsteiner landsteiner
Lucy_Craft_Laney laney
Dorothea_Lange lange
Samuel_Pierpoint_Langley langley
Irving_Langmuir langmuir
Lillie_Langtry langtry
Jersey_Lillie langtry
Emilie_Charlotte_le_Breton langtry
Lao-tse lao-tzu
Lao-zi lao-tzu
Marquis_de_Laplace laplace
Pierre_Simon_de_Laplace laplace
Ring_Lardner lardner
Ringgold_Wilmer_Lardner lardner
Francois_de_La_Rochefoucauld la_rochefoucauld
Pierre_Larousse larousse
Pierre_Athanase_Larousse larousse
Sieur_de_LaSalle lasalle
Rene-Robert_Cavelier lasalle
Orlando_di_Lasso lasso
Roland_de_Lassus lasso
Georges_de_La_Tour la_tour
Benjamin_Henry_Latrobe latrobe
Harry_Lauder lauder
Sir_Harry_MacLennan_Lauder lauder
Charles_Laughton laughton
Stan_Laurel laurel
Arthur_Stanley_Jefferson_Laurel laurel
Henry_Laurens laurens
Rod_Laver laver
Rodney_George_Laver laver
Antoine_Lavoisier lavoisier
Antoine_Laurent_Lavoisier lavoisier
D._H._Lawrence lawrence
David_Herbert_Lawrence lawrence
E._O._Lawrence lawrence
Ernest_Orlando_Lawrence lawrence
Gertrude_Lawrence lawrence
Sir_Thomas_Lawrence lawrence
T._E._Lawrence lawrence
Thomas_Edward_Lawrence lawrence
Lawrence_of_Arabia lawrence
Saint_Lawrence lawrence
St._Lawrence lawrence
Laurentius lawrence
Stephen_Leacock leacock
Stephen_Butler_Leacock leacock
Louis_Leakey leakey
Louis_Seymour_Bazett_Leakey leakey
Mary_Leakey leakey
Mary_Douglas_Leakey leakey
Richard_Leakey leakey
Richard_Erskine_Leakey leakey
Edward_Lear lear
Tim_Leary leary
Timothy_Leary leary
Timothy_Francis_Leary leary
John_le_Carre le_carre
David_John_Moore_Cornwell le_carre
Henry_le_Chatelier le_chatelier
Charles_Edouard_Jeanneret le_corbusier
Huddie_Leadbetter ledbetter
Leadbelly ledbetter
Robert_E._Lee lee
Robert_Edward_Lee lee
Henry_Lee lee
Lighthorse_Harry_Lee lee
Richard_Henry_Lee lee
Tsung_Dao_Lee lee
Bruce_Lee lee
Lee_Yuen_Kam lee
Gypsy_Rose_Lee lee
Rose_Louise_Hovick lee
Spike_Lee lee
Shelton_Jackson_Lee lee
Eva_Le_Gallienne le_gallienne
Fernand_Leger leger
Franz_Lehar lehar
Leibnitz leibniz
Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz leibniz
Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibnitz leibniz
Vivien_Leigh leigh
Georges_Henri_Lemaitre lemaitre
Edouard_Lemaitre lemaitre
Jack_Lemmon lemmon
John_Uhler lemmon
Philipp_Lenard lenard
Ivan_Lendl lendl
Charles_L'Enfant l'enfant
Pierre_Charles_L'Enfant l'enfant
Vladimir_Lenin lenin
Nikolai_Lenin lenin
Vladimir_Ilyich_Lenin lenin
Vladimir_Ilich_Lenin lenin
Vladimir_Ilyich_Ulyanov lenin
Vladimir_Ilich_Ulyanov lenin
John_Lennon lennon
Andre_Le_Notre le_notre
St._Leo_I leo_i
Leo_the_Great leo_i
Bruno leo_ix
Bruno_of_Toul leo_ix
Giovanni_de'Medici leo_x
Gioacchino_Pecci leo_xiii
Giovanni_Vincenzo_Pecci leo_xiii
Elmore_Leonard leonard
Elmore_John_Leonard leonard
Dutch_Leonard leonard
Leonardo_da_Vinci leonardo
da_Vinci leonardo
Wassily_Leontief leontief
Mikhail_Yurievich_Lermontov lermontov
Alan_Jay_Lerner lerner
Ferdinand_de_Lesseps lesseps
Vicomte_Ferdinand_Marie_de_Lesseps lesseps
Doris_Lessing lessing
Doris_May_Lessing lessing
Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing lessing
Leeuwenhoek leuwenhoek
Anton_van_Leuwenhoek leuwenhoek
Anton_van_Leeuwenhoek leuwenhoek
Claude_Levi-Strauss levi-strauss
C._S._Lewis lewis
Clive_Staples_Lewis lewis
Sinclair_Lewis lewis
Harry_Sinclair_Lewis lewis
John_L._Lewis lewis
John_Llewelly_Lewis lewis
Meriwether_Lewis lewis
Carl_Lewis lewis
Frederick_Carleton_Lewis lewis
Jerry_Lee_Lewis lewis
Willard_Frank_Libby libby
Roy_Lichtenstein lichtenstein
Trygve_Lie lie
Trygve_Halvden_Lie lie
Lydia_Kamekeha_Paki_Liliuokalani liliuokalani
Beatrice_Lillie lillie
Lady_Peel lillie
Maya_Lin lin
Abraham_Lincoln lincoln
President_Lincoln lincoln
President_Abraham_Lincoln lincoln
Jenny_Lind lind
Swedish_Nightingale lind
Charles_Lindbergh lindbergh
Charles_A._Lindbergh lindbergh
Charles_Augustus_Lindbergh lindbergh
Lucky_Lindy lindbergh
Vachel_Lindsay lindsay
Nicholas_Vachel_Lindsay lindsay
Howard_Lindsay lindsay
Carolus_Linnaeus linnaeus
Carl_von_Linne linnaeus
Karl_Linne linnaeus
Jacques_Lipchitz lipchitz
Fritz_Albert_Lipmann lipmann
Fra_Filippo_Lippi lippi
Filippino_Lippi lippi
Gabriel_Lippmann lippmann
Walter_Lippmann lippmann
William_Nunn_Lipscom_Jr. lipscomb
Joseph_Lister lister
Baron_Lister lister
Sonny_Liston liston
Charles_Liston liston
Franz_Liszt liszt
Maximilien_Paul_Emile_Littre littre
Mary_Ashton_Rice_Livermore livermore
Robert_R._Livingston livingston
David_Livingstone livingstone
Titus_Livius livy
Harold_Lloyd lloyd
Harold_Clayton_Lloyd lloyd
Andrew_Lloyd_Webber lloyd_webber
Baron_Lloyd_Webber_of_Sydmonton lloyd_webber
Nikolai_Ivanovich_Lobachevsky lobachevsky
John_Locke locke
Sir_Oliver_Lodge lodge
Sir_Oliver_Joseph_Lodge lodge
Jacques_Loeb loeb
Frederick_Loewe loewe
Otto_Loewi loewi
Jack_London london
John_Griffith_Chaney london
Henry_Wadsworth_Longfellow longfellow
Adolf_Loos loos
Sophia_Loren loren
Sofia_Scicolone loren
Hendrik_Antoon_Lorentz lorentz
Konrad_Lorenz lorenz
Konrad_Zacharias_Lorenz lorenz
Lorenzo_the_Magnificent lorenzo_de'medici
Peter_Lorre lorre
Laszlo_Lowestein lorre
Louis_the_Pious louis_i
Louis_le_Begue louis_ii
Louis_the_Stammerer louis_ii
Louis_the_German louis_ii
Louis_d'Outremer louis_iv
Louis_le_Faineant louis_v
Louis_the_Far louis_vi
Louis_the_Wideawake louis_vi
Louis_the_Bruiser louis_vi
Saint_Louis louis_ix
St._Louis louis_ix
Louis_le_Hutin louis_x
Louis_the_Quarreller louis_x
Sun_King louis_xiv
Louis_the_Great louis_xiv
Joe_Louis louis
Joseph_Louis_Barrow louis
Richard_Lovelace lovelace
Sir_Bernard_Lovell lovell
Sir_Alfred_Charles_Bernard_Lovell lovell
David_Low low
Sir_David_Low low
Sir_David_Alexander_Cecil_Low low
Abbott_Lawrence_Lowell lowell
Amy_Lowell lowell
Percival_Lowell lowell
Robert_Lowell lowell
Robert_Traill_Spence_Lowell_Jr. lowell
Malcolm_Lowry lowry
Clarence_Malcolm_Lowry lowry
L._S._Lowry lowry
Laurence_Stephen_Lowry lowry
Clemence_Sophia_Harned_Lozier lozier
Ernst_Lubitsch lubitsch
George_Lucas lucas
Licinius_Lucullus lucullus
Lucius_Licinius_Lucullus lucullus
Clare_Booth_Luce luce
Henry_Luce luce
Henry_Robinson_Luce luce
Titus_Lucretius_Carus lucretius
Lucius_Licinius_Luculus luculus
Bela_Lugosi lugosi
Bela_Ferenc_Blasko lugosi
Saint_Luke luke
St._Luke luke
Jean_Baptiste_Lully lully
Lulli lully
Giambattista_Lulli lully
Raymond_Lully lully
Ramon_Lully lully
Alfred_Lunt lunt
Martin_Luther luther
Sir_Edwin_Lutyens lutyens
Sir_Edwin_Landseer_Luytens lutyens
John_Lyly lyly
Trofim_Denisovich_Lysenko lysenko
First_Baron_Lytton lytton
Bulwer-Lytton lytton
Edward_George_Earle_Bulwer-Lytton lytton
Douglas_MacArthur macarthur
Thomas_Babington_Macaulay macaulay
First_Baron_Macaulay macaulay
Lord_Macaulay macaulay
Edward_MacDowell macdowell
Robert_MacGregor macgregor
Rob_Roy macgregor
Ernst_Mach mach
Niccolo_Machiavelli machiavelli
Sir_Alexander_Mackenzie mackenzie
Archibald_MacLeish macleish
John_Macleod macleod
John_James_Rickard_Macleod macleod
James_Madison madison
President_Madison madison
Madonna_Louise_Ciccone madonna
Count_Maurice_Maeterlinck maeterlinck
Ferdinand_Magellan magellan
Fernao_Magalhaes magellan
Andre_Maginot maginot
Rene_Magritte magritte
Alfred_Thayer_Mahan mahan
Gustav_Mahler mahler
Norman_Mailer mailer
Aristide_Maillol maillol
Moses_Maimonides maimonides
Rabbi_Moses_Ben_Maimon maimonides
Marquise_de_Maintenon maintenon
Francoise_d'Aubigne maintenon
Madame_de_Maintenon maintenon
Frederic_William_Maitland maitland
John_Major major
John_R._Major major
John_Roy_Major major
Malachias malachi
Bernard_Malamud malamud
Malcolm_Little malcolm_x
Nicolas_de_Malebranche malebranche
Kazimir_Malevich malevich
Kazimir_Severinovich_Malevich malevich
Bronislaw_Malinowski malinowski
Bronislaw_Kasper_Malinowski malinowski
Stephane_Mallarme mallarme
Mary_Mallon mallon
Typhoid_Mary mallon
Edmund_Malone malone
Edmond_Malone malone
Thomas_Malory malory
Sir_Thomas_Malory malory
Marcello_Malpighi malpighi
Andre_Malraux malraux
Thomas_Malthus malthus
Thomas_Robert_Malthus malthus
David_Mamet mamet
Nelson_Mandela mandela
Nelson_Rolihlahla_Mandela mandela
Benoit_Mandelbrot mandelbrot
Osip_Mandelstam mandelstam
Osip_Emilevich_Mandelstam mandelstam
Mandelshtam mandelstam
Edouard_Manet manet
Thomas_Mann mann
Horace_Mann mann
Francois_Mansart mansart
Katherine_Mansfield mansfield
Kathleen_Mansfield_Beauchamp mansfield
Sir_Patrick_Manson manson
Andrea_Mantegna mantegna
Gideon_Algernon_Mantell mantell
Mickey_Mantle mantle
Mickey_Charles_Mantle mantle
Alessandro_Manzoni manzoni
Mao_Zedong mao
Mao_Tsetung mao
Jean_Paul_Marat marat
Marcel_Marceau marceau
Rocco_Marciano marciano
Rocky_Marciano marciano
Guglielmo_Marconi marconi
Herbert_Marcuse marcuse
Giambattista_Marini marini
Marino marini
Giambattista_Marino marini
Saint_Mark mark
St._Mark mark
Dame_Alicia_Markova markova
Lilian_Alicia_Marks markova
Andrei_Markov markov
Markoff markov
Andre_Markoff markov
Simon_Marks marks
First_Baron_Marks_of_Broughton marks
Robert_Nesta_Marley marley
Bob_Marley marley
Christopher_Marlowe marlowe
John_Marquand marquand
John_Philip_Marquand marquand
Jacques_Marquette marquette
Pere_Jacques_Marquette marquette
Don_Marquis marquis
Donald_Robert_Perry_Marquis marquis
Ngaio_Marsh marsh
Reginald_Marsh marsh
John_Marshall marshall
George_Marshall marshall
George_Catlett_Marshall marshall
E._G._Marshall marshall
John_Marstan marstan
Jose_Julian_Marti marti
Dean_Martin martin
Dino_Paul_Crocetti martin
Mary_Martin martin
Steve_Martin martin
St._Martin martin
Oddone_Colonna martin_v
Andrew_Marvell marvell
Karl_Marx marx
Julius_Marx marx
Groucho marx
Leonard_Marx marx
Chico marx
Arthur_Marx marx
Harpo marx
Herbert_Marx marx
Zeppo marx
Virgin_Mary mary
The_Virgin mary
Blessed_Virgin mary
Madonna mary
Mary_Tudor mary_i
Bloody_Mary mary_i
Mary_Stuart mary_queen_of_scots
St._Mary_Magdalene mary_magdalene
Mary_Magdalen mary_magdalene
St._Mary_Magdalen mary_magdalene
John_Masefield masefield
John_Edward_Masefield masefield
A._E._W._Mason mason
Alfred_Edward_Woodley_Mason mason
James_Mason mason
James_Neville_Mason mason
George_Mason mason
Ahmad_Shah_Masoud masoud
Jules_Emile_Frederic_Massenet massenet
Leonide_Fedorovitch_Massine massine
Leonid_Fyodorovich_Myasin massine
Edgar_Lee_Masters masters
Margarete_Gertrud_Zelle mata_hari
Bob_Mathias mathias
Robert_Bruce_Mathias mathias
Henri_Matisse matisse
Henri_Emile_Benoit_Matisse matisse
Saint_Matthew matthew
St._Matthew matthew
Saint_Matthew_the_Apostle matthew
St._Matthew_the_Apostle matthew
Levi matthew
Somerset_Maugham maugham
W._Somerset_Maugham maugham
William_Somerset_Maugham maugham
Bill_Mauldin mauldin
William_Henry_Mauldin mauldin
Guy_de_Maupassant maupassant
Henri_Rene_Albert_Guy_de_Maupassant maupassant
Francois_Mauriac mauriac
Francois_Charles_Mauriac mauriac
Andre_Maurois maurois
Emile_Herzog maurois
von_Mauser mauser
P._P._von_Mauser mauser
Peter_Paul_Mauser mauser
Sir_Hiram_Stevens_Maxim maxim
Marcus_Aurelius_Valerius_Maximianus maximian
Herculius maximian
J._C._Maxwell maxwell
James_Clerk_Maxwell maxwell
Vladimir_Vladimirovich_Mayakovski mayakovski
Louis_B._Mayer mayer
Louis_Burt_Mayer mayer
Marie_Goeppert_Mayer mayer
Willie_Mays mays
Willie_Howard_Mays_Jr. mays
Say_Hey_Kid mays
Giuseppe_Mazzini mazzini
Joseph_McCarthy mccarthy
Joseph_Raymond_McCarthy mccarthy
Mary_McCarthy mccarthy
Mary_Therese_McCarthy mccarthy
Paul_McCartney mccartney
Sir_James_Paul_McCartney mccartney
Mary_McCauley mccauley
Mary_Ludwig_Hays_McCauley mccauley
Molly_Pitcher mccauley
John_McCormick mccormick
Cyrus_McCormick mccormick
Cyrus_Hall_McCormick mccormick
Carson_McCullers mccullers
Carson_Smith_McCullers mccullers
John_McGraw mcgraw
John_Joseph_McGraw mcgraw
William_Holmes_McGuffey mcguffey
Charles_Follen_McKim mckim
William_McKinley mckinley
President_McKinley mckinley
Marshall_McLuhan mcluhan
Herbert_Marshall_McLuhan mcluhan
John_Bach_McMaster mcmaster
Aimee_Semple_McPherson mcpherson
George_Herbert_Mead mead
Margaret_Mead mead
George_Gordon_Meade meade
James_Edward_Meade meade
George_Meany meany
Peter_Medawar medawar
Sir_Peter_Brian_Medawar medawar
Mutsuhito meiji_tenno
Golda_Meir meir
Fritz_W._Meissner meissner
Georg_Meissner meissner
Lise_Meitner meitner
Philipp_Melanchthon melanchthon
Philipp_Schwarzerd melanchthon
Dame_Nellie_Melba melba
Helen_Porter_Mitchell melba
Lauritz_Melchior melchior
Lauritz_Lebrecht_Hommel_Melchior melchior
Andrew_Mellon mellon
Andrew_W._Mellon mellon
Andrew_William_Mellon mellon
Herman_Melville melville
H._L._Mencken mencken
Henry_Louis_Mencken mencken
Gregor_Mendel mendel
Johann_Mendel mendel
Mendeleev mendeleyev
Dmitri_Mendeleyev mendeleyev
Dmitri_Mendeleev mendeleyev
Dmitri_Ivanovich_Mendeleyev mendeleyev
Dmitri_Ivanovich_Mendeleev mendeleyev
Erich_Mendelsohn mendelsohn
Felix_Mendelssohn mendelssohn
Jakob_Ludwig_Felix_Mendelssohn-Bartholdy mendelssohn
Prosper_Meniere meniere
Charles_Menninger menninger
Charles_Frederick_Menninger menninger
Karl_Menninger menninger
Karl_Augustus_Menninger menninger
William_Menninger menninger
William_Claire_Menninger menninger
Gian_Carlo_Menotti menotti
Yehudi_Menuhin menuhin
Sir_Yehudi_Menuhin menuhin
Gerardus_Mercator mercator
Gerhard_Kremer mercator
John_Mercer mercer
Eddy_Merckx merckx
Melina_Mercouri mercouri
Anna_Amalia_Mercouri mercouri
George_Meredith meredith
James_Meredith meredith
James_Howard_Meredith meredith
Ottmar_Mergenthaler mergenthaler
Ethel_Merman merman
Robert_Merton merton
Robert_King_Merton merton
Thomas_Merton merton
Franz_Anton_Mesmer mesmer
Friedrich_Anton_Mesmer mesmer
Elie_Metchnikoff metchnikoff
Metchnikov metchnikoff
Elie_Metchnikov metchnikoff
Ilya_Ilich_Metchnikov metchnikoff
Klemens_Metternich metternich
Prince_Klemens_Wenzel_Nepomuk_Lothar_von_Metternich metternich
Giacomo_Meyerbeer meyerbeer
Jakob_Liebmann_Beer meyerbeer
Otto_Meyerhof meyerhof
Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof meyerhof
Micheas micah
Michelangelo_Buonarroti michelangelo
A._A._Michelson michelson
Albert_Michelson michelson
Albert_Abraham_Michelson michelson
James_Michener michener
James_Albert_Michener michener
Thomas_Middleton middleton
Ludwig_Mies_Van_Der_Rohe mies_van_der_rohe
Darius_Milhaud milhaud
John_Mill mill
John_Stuart_Mill mill
James_Mill mill
Sir_John_Everett_Millais millais
Edna_Millay millay
Edna_Saint_Vincent_Millay millay
Arthur_Miller miller
Henry_Miller miller
Henry_Valentine_Miller miller
Glenn_Miller miller
Alton_Glenn_Miller miller
Jean_Francois_Millet millet
Robert_Andrews_Millikan millikan
Robert_Mills mills
A._A._Milne milne
Alan_Alexander_Milne milne
John_Milton milton
Hermann_Minkowski minkowski
Peter_Minuit minuit
Minnewit minuit
Peter_Minnewit minuit
Comte_de_Mirabeau mirabeau
Honore-Gabriel_Victor_Riqueti mirabeau
Joan_Miro miro
Arthur_Mitchell mitchell
John_Mitchell mitchell
Margaret_Mitchell mitchell
Margaret_Munnerlyn_Mitchell mitchell
Maria_Mitchell mitchell
William_Mitchell mitchell
Billy_Mitchell mitchell
R._J._Mitchell mitchell
Reginald_Joseph_Mitchell mitchell
Robert_Mitchum mitchum
Nancy_Mitford mitford
Nancy_Freeman_Mitford mitford
Jessica_Mitford mitford
Jessica_Lucy_Mitford mitford
Mithridates_VI mithridates
Mithridates_the_Great mithridates
Francois_Mitterrand mitterrand
Francois_Maurice_Marie_Mitterrand mitterrand
August_F._Mobius mobius
August_Ferdinand_Mobius mobius
Amedeo_Modigliano modigliani
Mohammad mohammed
Muhammad mohammed
Mahomet mohammed
Mahound mohammed
Mehemet_Ali mohammed_ali
Muhammad_Ali mohammed_ali
Andrija_Mohorovicic mohorovicic
Jean-Baptiste_Poquelin moliere
Ferenc_Molnar molnar
Vyacheslav_Mikhailovich_Molotov molotov
Theodor_Mommsen mommsen
Piet_Mondrian mondrian
Claude_Monet monet
Thelonious_Monk monk
Thelonious_Sphere_Monk monk
Jean_Monnet monnet
Jacques_Monod monod
Jacques_Lucien_Monod monod
James_Monroe monroe
President_Monroe monroe
Marilyn_Monroe monroe
Norma_Jean_Baker monroe
Ashley_Montagu montagu
Michel_Montaigne montaigne
Michel_Eyquem_Montaigne montaigne
Marquise_de_Montespan montespan
Francoise-Athenais_de_Rochechouart montespan
Baron_de_la_Brede_et_de_Montesquieu montesquieu
Charles_Louis_de_Secondat montesquieu
Maria_Montesorri montessori
Claudio_Monteverdi monteverdi
Lola_Montez montez
Marie_Dolores_Eliza_Rosanna_Gilbert montez
Simon_de_Montfort montfort
Earl_of_Leicester montfort
Josef_Michel_Montgolfier montgolfier
Jacques_Etienne_Montgolfier montgolfier
Bernard_Law_Montgomery montgomery
Sir_Bernard_Law_Montgomery montgomery
1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein montgomery
L._M._Montgomery montgomery
Lucy_Maud_Montgomery montgomery
Dwight_Lyman_Moody moody
Helen_Wills_Moody moody
Helen_Wills moody
Helen_Newington_Wills moody
Sun_Myung_Moon moon
Henry_Moore moore
Henry_Spencer_Moore moore
Marianne_Moore moore
Marianne_Craig_Moore moore
Thomas_Moore moore
G._E._Moore moore
George_Edward_Moore moore
Dudley_Moore moore
Dudley_Stuart_John_Moore moore
Douglas_Moore moore
Thomas_More more
Sir_Thomas_More more
J._P._Morgan morgan
John_Pierpont_Morgan morgan
Daniel_Morgan morgan
Henry_Morgan morgan
Sir_Henry_Morgan morgan
Thomas_Hunt_Morgan morgan
Lewis_Henry_Morgan morgan
E._W._Morley morley
Edward_Morley morley
Edward_Williams_Morley morley
Gouverneur_Morris morris
Robert_Morris morris
William_Morris morris
Esther_Morris morris
Esther_Hobart_McQuigg_Slack_Morris morris
Toni_Morrison morrison
Chloe_Anthony_Wofford morrison
Jim_Morrison morrison
James_Douglas_Morrison morrison
Samuel_Morse morse
Samuel_F._B._Morse morse
Samuel_Finley_Breese_Morse morse
Roger_de_Mortimer mortimer
Jelly_Roll_Morton morton
Ferdinand_Joseph_La_Menthe_Morton morton
Carl_Gustaf_Mossander mosander
Grandma_Moses moses
Anna_Mary_Robertson_Moses moses
Rudolf_Ludwig_Mossbauer mossbauer
Robert_Motherwell motherwell
Lucretia_Coffin_Mott mott
Daniel_Patrick_Moynihan moynihan
Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart mozart
Hosni_Mubarak mubarak
Elijah_Muhammad muhammad
John_Muir muir
Mullah_Mohammed_Omar mullah_omar
Hermann_Joseph_Muller muller
Max_Muller muller
Friedrich_Max_Muller muller
Johann_Muller muller
Regiomontanus muller
Johannes_Peter_Muller muller
Karl_Alex_Muller muller
Paul_Hermann_Muller muller
Edvard_Munch munch
Karl_Friedrich_Hieronymus_von_Munchhausen munchhausen
Munchausen munchhausen
Baron_Munchausen munchhausen
H._H._Munro munro
Hector_Hugh_Munro munro
Saki munro
Iris_Murdoch murdoch
Dame_Jean_Iris_Murdoch murdoch
Rupert_Murdoch murdoch
Keith_Rupert_Murdoch murdoch
James_Murray murray
James_Augustus_Murray murray
James_Augustus_Henry_Murray murray
Sir_James_Murray murray
Sir_James_Augustus_Murray murray
Sir_James_Augustus_Henry_Murray murray
Gilbert_Murray murray
George_Gilbert_Aime_Murphy murray
Bartolome_Esteban_Murillo murillo
Edward_R._Murrow murrow
Edward_Roscoe_Murrow murrow
Stan_Musial musial
Stanley_Frank_Musial musial
Stan_the_Man musial
Alfred_de_Musset musset
Louis_Charles_Alfred_de_Musset musset
Benito_Mussolini mussolini
Il_Duce mussolini
Moussorgsky mussorgsky
Modest_Mussorgsky mussorgsky
Modest_Moussorgsky mussorgsky
Modest_Petrovich_Mussorgsky mussorgsky
Modest_Petrovich_Moussorgsky mussorgsky
Eadweard_Muybridge muybridge
Edward_James_Muggeridge muybridge
Gunnar_Myrdal myrdal
Karl_Gunnar_Myrdal myrdal
Vladimir_Nabokov nabokov
Vladimir_vladimirovich_Nabokov nabokov
James_Naismith naismith
Guru_Nanak nanak
Fridtjof_Nansen nansen
Noemi naomi
John_Napier napier
Napoleon_I napoleon
Napoleon_Bonaparte napoleon
Bonaparte napoleon
Little_Corporal napoleon
Emperor_Napoleon_III napoleon_iii
Charles_Louis_Napoleon_Bonaparte napoleon_iii
Ogden_Nash nash
Gamal_Abdel_Nasser nasser
Thomas_Nast nast
Carry_Nation nation
Carry_Amelia_Moore_Nation nation
Giulio_Natta natta
Ilich_Sanchez sanchez
Ilich_Ramirez_Sanchez sanchez
Carlos sanchez
Carlos_the_Jackal sanchez
Salim sanchez
Andres_Martinez sanchez
Taurus sanchez
Glen_Gebhard sanchez
Hector_Hevodidbon sanchez
Michael_Assat sanchez
Martina_Navratilova navratilova
Alla_Nazimova nazimova
Nebuchadnezzar_II nebuchadnezzar
Nebuchadrezzar nebuchadnezzar
Nebuchadrezzar_II nebuchadnezzar
Tomasso_Parentucelli nicholas_v
Louis_Eugene_Felix_Neel neel
Jawaharlal_Nehru nehru
Horatio_Nelson nelson
Viscount_Nelson nelson
Admiral_Nelson nelson
Lord_Nelson nelson
Walther_Hermann_Nernst nernst
Nero_Claudius_Caesar_Drusus_Germanicus nero
Lucius_Domitius_Ahenobarbus nero
Pablo_Neruda neruda
Reyes neruda
Neftali_Ricardo_Reyes neruda
Pier_Luigi_Nervi nervi
Marcus_Cocceius_Nerva nerva
Louise_Nevelson nevelson
Simon_Newcomb newcomb
John_Henry_Newman newman
Cardinal_Newman newman
Paul_Newman newman
Paul_Leonard_Newman newman
Isaac_Newton newton
Sir_Isaac_Newton newton
Michel_Ney ney
Duc_d'Elchingen ney
Saint_Nicholas nicholas
St._Nicholas nicholas
Czar_Nicholas_I nicholas_i
Jack_Nicklaus nicklaus
Jack_William_Nicklaus nicklaus
Harold_Nicolson nicolson
Sir_Harold_George_Nicolson nicolson
Barthold_George_Niebuhr niebuhr
Reinhold_Niebuhr niebuhr
Carl_Nielsen nielsen
Carl_August_Nielsen nielsen
Friedrich_Wilhelm_Nietzsche nietzsche
Florence_Nightingale nightingale
Lady_with_the_Lamp nightingale
Vaslav_Nijinsky nijinsky
Waslaw_Nijinsky nijinsky
Brigit_Nilsson nilsson
Marta_Brigit_Nilsson nilsson
Chester_Nimitz nimitz
Chester_William_Nimitz nimitz
Admiral_Nimitz nimitz
Richard_Nixon nixon
Richard_M._Nixon nixon
Richard_Milhous_Nixon nixon
President_Nixon nixon
Alfred_Nobel nobel
Alfred_Bernhard_Nobel nobel
Emmy_Noether noether
Hideyo_Noguchi noguchi
Isamu_Noguchi noguchi
Greg_Norman norman
Gregory_John_Norman norman
Jessye_Norman norman
Frank_Norris norris
Benjamin_Franklin_Norris_Jr. norris
Ronald_George_Wreyford_Norrish norrish
Frederick_North north
Second_Earl_of_Guilford north
John_Howard_Northrop northrop
Michel_de_Notredame nostradamus
Alfred_Noyes noyes
William_Richard_Morris nuffield
First_Viscount_Nuffield nuffield
Rudolf_Nureyev nureyev
Annie_Oakley oakley
Joyce_Carol_Oates oates
Titus_Oates oates
Abdias obadiah
Edna_O'Brien o'brien
Sean_O'Casey o'casey
William_of_Occam occam
Ockham occam
William_of_Ockham occam
Severo_Ochoa ochoa
Adolph_Simon_Ochs ochs
Flannery_O'Connor o'connor
Mary_Flannery_O'Connor o'connor
Clifford_Odets odets
Odovacar odoacer
Odovakar odoacer
Hans_Christian_Oersted oersted
Jacques_Offenbach offenbach
Liam_O'Flaherty o'flaherty
C._K._Ogden ogden
Charles_Kay_Ogden ogden
John_Henry_O'Hara o'hara
Georg_Simon_Ohm ohm
Georgia_Okeeffe o'keeffe
Lorenz_Oken oken
Okenfuss oken
Lorenz_Okenfuss oken
Olav_II olaf_ii
Saint_Olaf olaf_ii
Saint_Olav olaf_ii
St._Olaf olaf_ii
St._Olav olaf_ii
Claes_Oldenburg oldenburg
Claes_Thure_Oldenburg oldenburg
Barney_Oldfield oldfield
Berna_Eli_Oldfield oldfield
Joseph_Oliver oliver
King_Oliver oliver
Laurence_Olivier olivier
Sir_Laurence_Kerr_Olivier olivier
Baron_Olivier_of_Birghton olivier
Frederick_Law_Olmsted olmsted
Michael_Ondaatje ondaatje
Philip_Michael_Ondaatje ondaatje
Eugene_O'Neill o'neill
Eugene_Gladstone_O'Neill o'neill
Yoko_Ono ono
Lars_Onsager onsager
Jan_Hendrix_Oort oort
Wilhelm_von_Opel opel
Robert_Oppenheimer oppenheimer
Roy_Orbison orbison
Baroness_Emmusca_Orczy orczy
Carl_Orff orff
Eugene_Ormandy ormandy
Jose_Orozco orozco
Jose_Clemente_Orozco orozco
Bobby_Orr orr
Robert_Orr orr
Daniel_Ortega ortega
Daniel_Ortega_Saavedra ortega
Jose_Ortega_y_Gasset ortega_y_gasset
George_Orwell orwell
Eric_Blair orwell
Eric_Arthur_Blair orwell
John_Osborne osborne
John_James_Osborne osborne
Othman_I osman_i
Wilhelm_Ostwald ostwald
Lee_Harvey_Oswald oswald
Elisha_Graves_Otis otis
Peter_O'Toole o'toole
Peter_Seamus_O'Toole o'toole
Otho_I otto_i
Otto_the_Great otto_i
Publius_Ovidius_Naso ovid
Sir_Richard_Owen owen
Robert_Owen owen
Jesse_Owens owens
James_Cleveland_Owens owens
Seiji_Ozawa ozawa
Ignace_Paderewski paderewski
Ignace_Jan_Paderewski paderewski
Niccolo_Paganini paganini
Thomas_Nelson_Page page
Sir_Frederick_Handley_Page page
Sir_James_Paget paget
Mohammed_Reza_Pahlavi pahlavi
Shah_Pahlavi pahlavi
Pahlevi pahlavi
Mohammed_Reza_Pahlevi pahlavi
Satchel_Paige paige
Leroy_Robert_Paige paige
Tom_Paine paine
Thomas_Paine paine
Robert_Treat_Paine paine
Giovanni_Pierluigi_da_Palestrina palestrina
Francis_Turner_Palgrave palgrave
Andrea_Palladio palladio
Arnold_Palmer palmer
Arnold_Daniel_Palmer palmer
Erwin_Panofsky panofsky
Philippus_Aureolus_Paracelsus paracelsus
Theophrastus_Philippus_Aureolus_Bombastus_von_Hohenheim paracelsus
Vilfredo_Pareto pareto
Mungo_Park park
Dorothy_Parker parker
Dorothy_Rothschild_Parker parker
Charlie_Parker parker
Yardbird_Parker parker
Bird_Parker parker
Charles_Christopher_Parker parker
C._Northcote_Parkinson parkinson
Cyril_Northcote_Parkinson parkinson
James_Parkinson parkinson
Rosa_Parks parks
Charles_Stewart_Parnell parnell
Catherine_Parr parr
Maxfield_Parrish parrish
Maxfield_Frederick_Parrish parrish
Talcott_Parsons parsons
Blaise_Pascal pascal
Boris_Pasternak pasternak
Boris_Leonidovich_Pasternak pasternak
Louis_Pasteur pasteur
William_Patterson paterson
Alan_Paton paton
Alan_Stewart_Paton paton
Saint_Patrick patrick
St._Patrick patrick
Saint_Paul paul
St._Paul paul
Apostle_Paul paul
Paul_the_Apostle paul
Apostle_of_the_Gentiles paul
Saul paul
Saul_of_Tarsus paul
Alessandro_Farnese paul_iii
Giovanni_Battista_Montini paul_vi
Alice_Paul paul
Wolfgang_Pauli pauli
Linus_Pauling pauling
Linus_Carl_Pauling pauling
Luciano_Pavarotti pavarotti
Ivan_Pavlov pavlov
Ivan_Petrovich_Pavlov pavlov
Anna_Pavlova pavlova
Joseph_Paxton paxton
Sir_Joseph_Paxton paxton
Elizabeth_Peabody peabody
Elizabeth_Palmer_Peabody peabody
Robert_Peary peary
Robert_E._Peary peary
Robert_Edwin_Peary peary
Robert_Peel peel
Sir_Robert_Peel peel
I._M._Pei pei
Ieoh_Ming_Pei pei
Charles_Peirce peirce
Charles_Sanders_Peirce peirce
Benjamin_Peirce peirce
William_Penn penn
Pepin_III pepin
Pepin_the_Short pepin
Samuel_Pepys pepys
Sir_Henry_Percy percy
Hotspur percy
Harry_Hotspur percy
Walker_Percy percy
Juan_Domingo_Peron peron
Oliver_Hazard_Perry perry
Commodore_Perry perry
Matthew_Calbraith_Perry perry
Ralph_Barton_Perry perry
John_Joseph_Pershing pershing
Black_Jack_Pershing pershing
Max_Perutz perutz
Max_Ferdinand_Perutz perutz
Simon_Peter peter
Saint_Peter peter
St._Peter peter
Saint_Peter_the_Apostle peter
St._Peter_the_Apostle peter
Czar_Peter_I peter_i
Peter_the_Great peter_i
Petrarca petrarch
Francesco_Petrarca petrarch
Gaius_Petronius petronius
Petronius_Arbiter petronius
Pheidias phidias
Prince_Philip philip
Duke_of_Edinburgh philip
Philip_II_of_Spain philip_ii
Philip_II_of_Macedon philip_ii
Philip_Augustus philip_ii
Philip_of_Valois philip_vi
Pythias phintias
Edith_Piaf piaf
Edith_Giovanna_Gassion piaf
Little_Sparrow piaf
Jean_Piaget piaget
George_Edward_Pickett pickett
Mary_Pickford pickford
Gladys_Smith pickford
Franklin_Pierce pierce
President_Pierce pierce
Pablo_Picasso picasso
Pontius_Pilate pilate
Gregory_Pincus pincus
Gregory_Goodwin_Pincus pincus
Harold_Pinter pinter
Luigi_Pirandello pirandello
Walter_Piston piston
Sir_Isaac_Pitman pitman
Henri_Pitot pitot
William_Pitt pitt
First_Earl_of_Chatham pitt
Pitt_the_Elder pitt
William_Pitt pitt
Second_Earl_of_Chatham pitt
Pitt_the_Younger pitt
George_Pitt pitt
George_Dibdin_Pitt pitt
George_Dibdin-Pitt pitt
Aeneas_Silvius pius_ii
Enea_Silvio_Piccolomini pius_ii
Antonio_Ghislieri pius_v
Giovanni_Angelo_Braschi pius_vi
Giannangelo_Braschi pius_vi
Barnaba_Chiaramonti pius_vii
Luigi_Barnaba_Gregorio_Chiaramonti pius_vii
Giovanni_Mastai-Ferretti pius_ix
Giovanni_Maria_Mastai-Ferretti pius_ix
Giuseppe_Sarto pius_x
Giuseppe_Melchiorre_Sarto pius_x
Achille_Ratti pius_xi
Ambrogio_Damiano_Achille_Ratti pius_xi
Eugenio_Pacelli pius_xii
Francisco_Pizarro pizarro
Max_Planck planck
Max_Karl_Ernst_Ludwig_Planck planck
Sylvia_Plath plath
Titus_Maccius_Plautus plautus
Pliny_the_Elder pliny
Gaius_Plinius_Secundus pliny
Pliny_the_Younger pliny
Gaius_Plinius_Caecilius_Secundus pliny
Matoaka pocahontas
Rebecca_Rolfe pocahontas
Edgar_Allan_Poe poe
Sidney_Poitier poitier
James_Polk polk
James_K._Polk polk
James_Knox_Polk polk
President_Polk polk
Sydney_Pollack pollack
Jackson_Pollock pollock
Marco_Polo polo
Saint_Polycarp polycarp
St._Polycarp polycarp
Marquise_de_Pompadour pompadour
Jeanne_Antoinette_Poisson pompadour
Gnaeus_Pompeius_Magnus pompey
Pompey_the_Great pompey
Juan_Ponce_de_Leon ponce_de_leon
Lily_Pons pons
Alice-Josephine_Pons pons
Rosa_Ponselle ponselle
Rosa_Melba_Ponselle ponselle
Alexander_Pope pope
Karl_Popper popper
Sir_Karl_Raimund_Popper popper
William_Sydney_Porter porter
O._Henry porter
Cole_Porter porter
Cole_Albert_Porter porter
Katherine_Anne_Porter porter
C._W._Post post
Charles_William_Post post
Emily_Post post
Emily_Price_Post post
Wiley_Post post
Potyokin potemkin
Grigori_Potemkin potemkin
Grigori_Potyokin potemkin
Grigori_Aleksandrovich_Potemkin potemkin
Francis_Poulenc poulenc
Ezra_Pound pound
Ezra_Loomis_Pound pound
Nicolas_Poussin poussin
Cecil_Frank_Powell powell
Colin_Powell powell
Colin_luther_Powell powell
Wahunsonacock powhatan
John_Cowper_Powys powys
Theodore_Francis_Powys powys
Llewelyn_Powys powys
Elvis_Presley presley
Elvis_Aron_Presley presley
Leontyne_Price price
Mary_Leontyne_Price price
Joseph_Priestley priestley
Aleksandr_Prokhorov prokhorov
Aleksandr_Mikjailovich_Prokhorov prokhorov
Sergei_Sergeyevich_Prokofiev prokofiev
Pierre_Joseph_Proudhon proudhon
Marcel_Proust proust
Claudius_Ptolemaeus ptolemy
Giacomo_Puccini puccini
Augustus_Welby_Northmore_Pugin pugin
Joseph_Pulitzer pulitzer
Henry_Purcell purcell
Jan_Evangelista_Purkinje purkinje
Johannes_Evangelista_Purkinje purkinje
Edward_Pusey pusey
Edward_Bouverie_Pusey pusey
Alexander_Pushkin pushkin
Aleksandr_Sergeyevich_Pushkin pushkin
Vladimir_Putin putin
Vladimir_Vladimirovich_Putin putin
Howard_Pyle pyle
Thomas_Pynchon pynchon
Qadhafi qaddafi
Khadafy qaddafi
Gaddafi qaddafi
Muammar_al-Qaddafi qaddafi
Muammar_el-Qaddafi qaddafi
Ch'in_Shih_Huang_Ti qin_shi_huang_ti
Josiah_Quincy quincy
W._V._Quine quine
Willard_Van_Orman_Quine quine
Francois_Rabelais rabelais
Sergei_Rachmaninoff rachmaninoff
Sergei_Vasilievich_Rachmaninoff rachmaninoff
Rachmaninov rachmaninoff
Sergei_Rachmaninov rachmaninoff
Sergei_Vasilievich_Rachmaninov rachmaninoff
Jean_Racine racine
Jean_Baptiste_Racine racine
Sarvepalli_Radhakrishnan radhakrishnan
Sir_Sarvepalli_Radhakrishnan radhakrishnan
Sir_Thomas_Raffles raffles
Sir_Thomas_Stamford_Raffles raffles
Walter_Raleigh raleigh
Sir_Walter_Raleigh raleigh
Ralegh raleigh
Walter_Ralegh raleigh
Sir_Walter_Ralegh raleigh
Jean-Philippe_Rameau rameau
Ramesses rameses
Ramses rameses
Ramesses_II rameses_ii
Ramses_II rameses_ii
Rameses_the_Great rameses_ii
Ramesses_the_Great rameses_ii
Ramses_the_Great rameses_ii
Santiago_Ramon_y_Cajal ramon_y_cajal
Ayn_Rand rand
Jeannette_Rankin rankin
Raffaello_Santi raphael
Raffaello_Sanzio raphael
Rasmus_Christian_Rask rask
Kund_Johan_Victor_Rasmussen rasmussen
Grigori_Efimovich_Rasputin rasputin
Terence_Rattigan rattigan
Sir_Terence_Mervyn_Rattigan rattigan
Maurice_Ravel ravel
Third_Baron_Rayleigh rayleigh
Lord_Rayleigh rayleigh
John_William_Strutt rayleigh
Ronald_Reagan reagan
Ronald_Wilson_Reagan reagan
President_Reagan reagan
Rene_Antoine_Ferchault_de_Reaumur reaumur
Rebekah rebecca
Robert_Redford redford
Charles_Robert_Redford redford
Walter_Reed reed
John_Reed reed
William_Rehnquist rehnquist
William_Hubbs_Rehnquist rehnquist
Steve_Reich reich
Stephen_Michael_Reich reich
Wilhelm_Reich reich
Tadeus_Reichstein reichstein
Thomas_Reid reid
Hans_Conrad_Julius_Reiter reiter
Rembrandt_van_Rijn rembrandt
Rembrandt_van_Ryn rembrandt
Rembrandt_Harmensz_van_Rijn rembrandt
Pierre_Auguste_Renoir renoir
Ottorino_Respighi respighi
Paul_Revere revere
Sir_Joshua_Reynolds reynolds
J._B._Rhine rhine
Joseph_Banks_Rhine rhine
Cecil_Rhodes rhodes
Cecil_J._Rhodes rhodes
Cecil_John_Rhodes rhodes
David_Ricardo ricardo
Elmer_Rice rice
Elmer_Leopold_Rice rice
Elmer_Reizenstein rice
Sir_Tim_Rice rice
Timothy_Miles_Bindon_Rice rice
Richard_Coeur_de_Lion richard_i
Richard_the_Lionheart richard_i
Richard_the_Lion-Hearted richard_i
I._A._Richards richards
Ivor_Armstrong_Richards richards
Ralph_Richardson richardson
Sir_Ralph_David_Richardson richardson
Henry_Hobson_Richardson richardson
Duc_de_Richelieu richelieu
Armand_Jean_du_Plessis richelieu
Cardinal_Richelieu richelieu
Mordecai_Richler richler
Eddie_Rickenbacker rickenbacker
Edward_Vernon_Rickenbacker rickenbacker
Hyman_Rickover rickover
Hyman_George_Rickover rickover
Bernhard_Riemann riemann
Georg_Friedrich_Bernhard_Riemann riemann
David_Riesman riesman
David_Riesman_Jr. riesman
James_Whitcomb_Riley riley
Rainer_Maria_Rilke rilke
Arthur_Rimbaud rimbaud
Jean_Nicholas_Arthur_Rimbaud rimbaud
Nikolai_Andreyevich_Rimsky-Korsakov rimsky-korsakov
Rimski-Korsakov rimsky-korsakov
Nikolai_Andreyevich_Rimski-Korsakov rimsky-korsakov
Charles_Ringling ringling
David_Rittenhouse rittenhouse
Cesar_Ritz ritz
Diego_Rivera rivera
Jerome_Robbins robbins
Henry_M._Robert robert
Henry_Martyn_Robert robert
Bartholomew_Roberts roberts
Kenneth_Roberts roberts
Oral_Roberts roberts
Richard_J._Roberts roberts
Richard_John_Roberts roberts
Oscar_Robertson robertson
Oscar_Palmer_Robertson robertson
Paul_Robeson robeson
Paul_Bustill_Robeson robeson
Maxmillien_Marie_Isidore_de_Robespierre robespierre
Edward_G._Robinson robinson
Edward_Goldenberg_Robinson robinson
Edwin_Arlington_Robinson robinson
Jackie_Robinson robinson
Jack_Roosevelt_Robinson robinson
James_Harvey_Robinson robinson
Lennox_Robinson robinson
Esme_Stuart_Lennox_Robinson robinson
Ray_Robinson robinson
Sugar_Ray_Robinson robinson
Walker_Smith robinson
Robert_Robinson robinson
Sir_Robert_Robinson robinson
Comte_de_Rochambeau rochambeau
Jean_Baptiste_Donatien_de_Vimeur rochambeau
John_Rock rock
John_D._Rockefeller rockefeller
John_Davison_Rockefeller rockefeller
Second_Marquis_of_Rockingham rockingham
Charles_Watson-Wentworth rockingham
Norman_Rockwell rockwell
Richard_Rodgers rodgers
Auguste_Rodin rodin
Francois_Auguste_Rene_Rodin rodin
John_Roebling roebling
John_Augustus_Roebling roebling
Wilhelm_Konrad_Roentgen roentgen
Rontgen roentgen
Wilhelm_Konrad_Rontgen roentgen
Carl_Rogers rogers
Ginger_Rogers rogers
Virginia_McMath rogers
Virginia_Katherine_McMath rogers
Will_Rogers rogers
William_Penn_Adair_Rogers rogers
Peter_Mark_Roget roget
Rolf rollo
Hrolf rollo
Sigmund_Romberg romberg
Erwin_Rommel rommel
Desert_Fox rommel
Theodore_Roosevelt roosevelt
President_Roosevelt roosevelt
President_Theodore_Roosevelt roosevelt
Franklin_Roosevelt roosevelt
Franklin_Delano_Roosevelt roosevelt
F._D._Roosevelt roosevelt
President_Roosevelt roosevelt
President_Franklin_Roosevelt roosevelt
FDR roosevelt
Eleanor_Roosevelt roosevelt
Anna_Eleanor_Roosevelt roosevelt
Betsy_Ross ross
Betsy_Griscom_Ross ross
Nellie_Ross ross
Nellie_Tayloe_Ross ross
Sir_Ronald_Ross ross
James_Clark_Ross ross
Sir_James_Clark_Ross ross
John_Ross ross
Sir_John_Ross ross
Dante_Gabriel_Rossetti rossetti
Giloacchino_Antonio_Rossini rossini
Edmond_Rostand rostand
Philip_Roth roth
Philip_Milton_Roth roth
Mark_Rothko rothko
Peyton_Rous rous
Francis_Peyton_Rous rous
Jean-Jacques_Rousseau rousseau
Henri_Rousseau rousseau
Le_Douanier_Rousseau rousseau
Peter_Paul_Rubens rubens
Sir_Peter_Paul_Rubens rubens
Anton_Rubenstein rubinstein
Anton_Gregor_Rubinstein rubinstein
Anton_Grigorevich_Rubinstein rubinstein
Arthur_Rubinstein rubinstein
Artur_Rubinstein rubinstein
von_Rundstedt rundstedt
Karl_Rudolf_Gerd_von_Rundstedt rundstedt
Damon_Runyon runyon
Alfred_Damon_Runyon runyon
Prince_Rupert rupert
Benjamin_Rush rush
Salman_Rushdie rushdie
Ahmed_Salman_Rushdie rushdie
John_Ruskin ruskin
Bertrand_Russell russell
Bertrand_Arthur_William_Russell russell
Earl_Russell russell
George_William_Russell russell
A.E. russell
Henry_Russell russell
Henry_Norris_Russell russell
Lillian_Russell russell
Bill_Russell russell
William_Felton_Russell russell
Ken_Russell russell
Henry_Kenneth_Alfred_Russell russell
Charles_Taze_Russell russell
Babe_Ruth ruth
George_Herman_Ruth ruth
Sultan_of_Swat ruth
Ernest_Rutherford rutherford
First_Baron_Rutherford rutherford
First_Baron_Rutherford_of_Nelson rutherford
Daniel_Rutherford rutherford
John_Rutledge rutledge
Eero_Saarinen saarinen
Eliel_Saarinen saarinen
Albert_Sabin sabin
Albert_Bruce_Sabin sabin
Sacajawea sacagawea
Nicola_Sacco sacco
Anwar_Sadat sadat
Anwar_el-Sadat sadat
de_Sade sade
Comte_Donatien_Alphonse_Francois_de_Sade sade
Marquis_de_Sade sade
Charles_Camille_Saint-Saens saint-saens
Andrei_Sakharov sakharov
Andrei_Dimitrievich_Sakharov sakharov
Salah-ad-Din_Yusuf_ibn-Ayyub saladin
J._D._Salinger salinger
Jerome_David_Salinger salinger
Jonas_Salk salk
Jonas_Edward_Salk salk
Haym_Salomon salomon
George_Sand sand
Amandine_Aurore_Lucie_Dupin sand
Baroness_Dudevant sand
Carl_Sandburg sandburg
Margaret_Sanger sanger
Margaret_Higgins_Sanger sanger
Frederick_Sanger sanger
Fred_Sanger sanger
Santa_Ana santa_anna
Antonio_Lopez_de_Santa_Anna santa_anna
Antonio_Lopez_de_Santa_Ana santa_anna
Edward_Sapir sapir
Gene_Sarazen sarazen
John_Singer_Sargent sargent
David_Sarnoff sarnoff
William_Saroyan saroyan
Jean-Paul_Sartre sartre
Erik_Satie satie
Erik_Alfred_Leslie_Satie satie
Girolamo_Savonarola savonarola
Adolphe_Sax sax
Hermann_Maurice_Saxe saxe
comte_de_Saxe saxe
Marshal_Saxe saxe
Dorothy_Sayers sayers
Dorothy_L._Sayers sayers
Dorothy_Leigh_Sayers sayers
Karl_Scheele scheele
Karl_Wilhelm_Scheele scheele
Elsa_Schiaparelli schiaparelli
Giovanni_Virginio_Schiaparelli schiaparelli
Johann_Christoph_Friedrich_von_Schiller schiller
Matthias_Schleiden schleiden
M._J._Schleiden schleiden
Arthur_Schlesinger schlesinger
Arthur_Meier_Schlesinger schlesinger
Arthur_Schlesinger schlesinger
Arthur_Schlesinger_Jr. schlesinger
Arthur_Meier_Schlesinger_Jr. schlesinger
Heinrich_Schliemann schliemann
Helmut_Schmidt schmidt
Helmut_Heinrich_Waldemar_Schmidt schmidt
Artur_Schnabel schnabel
Christian_Schonbein schonbein
Christian_Friedrich_Schonbein schonbein
Arnold_Schonberg schonberg
Schoenberg schonberg
Arnold_Schoenberg schonberg
Henry_Rowe_Schoolcraft schoolcraft
Arthur_Schopenhauer schopenhauer
Erwin_Schrodinger schrodinger
Franz_Schubert schubert
Franz_Peter_Schubert schubert
Franz_Seraph_Peter_Schubert schubert
Charles_Schulz schulz
Charles_M._Schulz schulz
Charles_Munroe_Schulz schulz
Robert_Schumann schumann
Robert_Alexander_Schumann schumann
Clara_Josephine_Schumann schumann
Ernestine_Schumann-Heink schumann-heink
Joseph_Schumpeter schumpeter
Joseph_Alois_Schumpeter schumpeter
Theodor_Schwann schwann
Albert_Schweitzer schweitzer
Scipio_Africanus scipio
Scipio_Africanus_Major scipio
Publius_Cornelius_Scipio scipio
Publius_Cornelius_Scipio_Africanus_Major scipio
Scipio_the_Elder scipio
John_Scopes scopes
John_Thomas_Scopes scopes
Martin_Scorsese scorsese
Dred_Scott scott
Walter_Scott scott
Sir_Walter_Scott scott
Winfield_Scott scott
Robert_Scott scott
Robert_Falcon_Scott scott
George_C._Scott scott
Aleksandr_Scriabin scriabin
Aleksandr_Nikolayevich_Scriabin scriabin
Augustin_Eugene_Scribe scribe
James_Edmund_Scripps scripps
Edward_Wyllis_Scripps scripps
Glenn_T._Seaborg seaborg
Glenn_Theodore_Seaborg seaborg
Elizabeth_Seaman seaman
Elizabeth_Cochrane_Seaman seaman
Nellie_Bly seaman
Alan_Seeger seeger
Pete_Seeger seeger
Peter_Seeger seeger
George_Segal segal
Andres_Segovia segovia
Monica_Seles seles
Seleucus_I seleucus
Seleucus_I_Nicator seleucus
Selcraig selkirk
Alexander_Selkirk selkirk
Alexander_Selcraig selkirk
Peter_Sellers sellers
David_O._Selznick selznick
David_Oliver_Selznick selznick
Lucius_Annaeus_Seneca seneca
Alois_Senefelder senefelder
Aloys_Senefelder senefelder
Mack_Sennett sennett
Sequoyah sequoya
George_Guess sequoya
Rudolf_Serkin serkin
Junipero_Serra serra
Miguel_Jose_Serra serra
Robert_William_Service service
Roger_Sessions sessions
Roger_Huntington_Sessions sessions
Elizabeth_Seton seton
Saint_Elizabeth_Ann_Bayley_Seton seton
Mother_Seton seton
Georges_Seurat seurat
Georges_Pierre_Seurat seurat
William_Henry_Seward seward
Anne_Sexton sexton
Jane_Seymour seymour
Ben_Shahn shahn
Benjamin_Shahn shahn
William_Shakespeare shakespeare
Shakspere shakespeare
William_Shakspere shakespeare
Bard_of_Avon shakespeare
Ravi_Shankar shankar
Claude_Shannon shannon
Claude_E._Shannon shannon
Claude_Elwood_Shannon shannon
Harlow_Shapley shapley
G._B._Shaw shaw
George_Bernard_Shaw shaw
Anna_Howard_Shaw shaw
Henry_Wheeler_Shaw shaw
Josh_Billings shaw
Artie_Shaw shaw
Arthur_Jacob_Arshawsky shaw
Ted_Shawn shawn
Moira_Shearer shearer
Percy_Bysshe_Shelley shelley
Mary_Shelley shelley
Mary_Wollstonecraft_Shelley shelley
Mary_Godwin_Wollstonecraft_Shelley shelley
Alan_Shepard shepard
Alan_Bartlett_Shepard_Jr. shepard
Sam_Shepard shepard
Richard_Brinsley_Sheridan sheridan
Roger_Sherman sherman
William_Tecumseh_Sherman sherman
Sir_Charles_Scott_Sherrington sherrington
Robert_Emmet_Sherwood sherwood
Taras_Grigoryevich_Shevchenko shevchenko
William_Lawrence_Shirer shirer
William_Shockley shockley
William_Bradford_Shockley shockley
Dmitri_Shostakovich shostakovich
Dmitri_Dmitrievich_Shostakovich shostakovich
Nevil_Shute shute
Nevil_Shute_Norway shute
Jean_Sibelius sibelius
Johan_Julius_Christian_Sibelius sibelius
Sarah_Siddons siddons
Sarah_Kemble_Siddons siddons
Sir_Philip_Sidney sidney
Ernst_Werner_von_Siemens siemens
Karl_Wilhelm_Siemens siemens
Sir_Charles_William_Siemens siemens
Igor_Sikorsky sikorsky
Igor_Ivanovich_Sikorsky sikorsky
Beverly_Sills sills
Belle_Miriam_Silverman sills
Shel_Silverstein silverstein
Shelby_Silverstein silverstein
Georges_Simenon simenon
Georges_Joseph_Christian_Simenon simenon
Herb_Simon simon
Herbert_A._Simon simon
Herbert_Alexander_Simon simon
Neil_Simon simon
Marvin_Neil_Simon simon
Paul_Simon simon
St._Simon simon
Simon_Zelotes simon
Simon_the_Zealot simon
Simon_the_Canaanite simon
Sir_James_Young_Simpson simpson
Mrs._Simpson simpson
Wallis_Warfield_Simpson simpson
Wallis_Warfield_Windsor simpson
Duchess_of_Windsor simpson
Frank_Sinatra sinatra
Francis_Albert_Sinatra sinatra
Clive_Sinclair sinclair
Sir_Clive_Marles_Sinclair sinclair
Upton_Sinclair sinclair
Upton_Beall_Sinclair sinclair
Isaac_Bashevis_Singer singer
Isaac_M._Singer singer
Isaac_Merrit_Singer singer
David_Siqueiros siqueiros
David_Alfaro_Siqueiros siqueiros
Willem_de_Sitter sitter
Dame_Edith_Sitwell sitwell
Dame_Edith_Louisa_Sitwell sitwell
Francesco_della_Rovere sixtus_iv
Walter_William_Skeat skeat
Fred_Skinner skinner
B._F._Skinner skinner
Burrhus_Frederic_Skinner skinner
Cornelia_Otis_Skinner skinner
Otis_Skinner skinner
Richard_Smalley smalley
Richard_E._Smalley smalley
Richard_Errett_Smalley smalley
Bedrich_Smetana smetana
Adam_Smith smith
John_Smith smith
Captain_John_Smith smith
Joseph_Smith smith
Bessie_Smith smith
Julia_Evelina_Smith smith
Kate_Smith smith
Kathryn_Elizabeth_Smith smith
David_Smith smith
David_Roland_Smith smith
Ian_Smith smith
Ian_Douglas_Smith smith
Tobias_Smollett smollett
Tobias_George_Smollett smollett
Jan_Christian_Smuts smuts
Sam_Snead snead
Samuel_Jackson_Snead snead
Hermann_Snellen snellen
C._P._Snow snow
Charles_Percy_Snow snow
Baron_Snow_of_Leicester snow
Faustus_Socinus socinus
Fausto_Paolo_Sozzini socinus
Frederick_Soddy soddy
Ernest_Solvay solvay
Alexander_Isayevich_Solzhenitsyn solzhenitsyn
Aleksandr_Solzhenitsyn solzhenitsyn
Aleksandr_I._Solzhenitsyn solzhenitsyn
Stephen_Sondheim sondheim
Susan_Sontag sontag
Soren_Peter_Lauritz_Sorensen sorensen
Jacques_Germain_Soufflot soufflot
John_Philip_Sousa sousa
March_King sousa
Robert_Southey southey
Chaim_Soutine soutine
Lazzaro_Spallanzani spallanzani
Muriel_Spark spark
Dame_Muriel_Spark spark
Muriel_Sarah_Spark spark
Boris_Spassky spassky
Boris_Vasilevich_Spassky spassky
Albert_Speer speer
John_Speke speke
John_Hanning_Speke speke
Herbert_Spencer spencer
Stephen_Spender spender
Sir_Stephen_Harold_Spender spender
Oswald_Spengler spengler
Edmund_Spenser spenser
Elmer_Ambrose_Sperry sperry
Steven_Spielberg spielberg
Mickey_Spillane spillane
Frank_Morrison_Spillane spillane
de_Spinoza spinoza
Baruch_de_Spinoza spinoza
Benedict_de_Spinoza spinoza
Benjamin_Spock spock
Josiah_Spode spode
Madame_de_Stael stael
Baronne_Anne_Louise_Germaine_Necker_de_Steal-Holstein stael
Joseph_Stalin stalin
Iosif_Vissarionovich_Dzhugashvili stalin
Miles_Standish standish
Myles_Standish standish
Leland_Stanford stanford
Konstantin_Stanislavsky stanislavsky
Konstantin_Sergeyevich_Stanislavsky stanislavsky
Konstantin_Sergeevich_Alekseev stanislavsky
Henry_M._Stanley stanley
Sir_Henry_Morton_Stanley stanley
John_Rowlands stanley
Francis_Edgar_Stanley stanley
Elizabeth_Cady_Stanton stanton
Ringo_Starr starr
Starkey starr
Richard_Starkey starr
St._Denis st
Saint_Denis st
Ruth_Saint_Denis st
Ruth_St._Denis st
Sir_Richrd_Steele steele
Jan_Steen steen
Lincoln_Steffens steffens
Joseph_Lincoln_Steffens steffens
Edward_Jean_Steichen steichen
Gertrude_Stein stein
John_Steinbeck steinbeck
John_Ernst_Steinbeck steinbeck
Saul_Steinberg steinberg
Gloria_Steinem steinem
Rudolf_Steiner steiner
David_Barnard_Steinman steinman
Charles_Proteus_Steinmetz steinmetz
Henry_Steinway steinway
Henry_Engelhard_Steinway steinway
Heinrich_Engelhard_Steinway steinway
Frank_Stella stella
Frank_Philip_Stella stella
Georg_Wilhelm_Steller steller
Marie_Henri_Beyle stendhal
Casey_Stengel stengel
Charles_Dillon_Stengel stengel
Sir_Leslie_Stephen stephen
George_Stephenson stephenson
Isaac_Stern stern
Laurence_Sterne sterne
Baron_Friedrich_Wilhelm_Ludolf_Gerhard_Augustin_von_Steuben steuben
George_Stevens stevens
Wallace_Stevens stevens
Smitty_Stevens stevens
S._Smith_Stevens stevens
Stanley_Smith_Stevens stevens
Adlai_Stevenson stevenson
Adlai_Ewing_Stevenson stevenson
Robert_Louis_Stevenson stevenson
Robert_Louis_Balfour_Stevenson stevenson
Dugald_Stewart stewart
Jimmy_Stewart stewart
James_Maitland_Stewart stewart
Alfred_Stieglitz stieglitz
Joseph_Warren_Stilwell stilwell
Vinegar_Joe_Stilwell stilwell
Uncle_Joe stilwell
Frank_Stockton stockton
Francis_Richard_Stockton stockton
Bram_Stoker stoker
Abraham_Stoker stoker
Leopold_Stokowski stokowski
Leopold_Antoni_Stanislaw_Stokowski stokowski
Edward_Durell_Stone stone
Harlan_Fiske_Stone stone
I._F._Stone stone
Isidor_Feinstein_Stone stone
Lucy_Stone stone
Oliver_Stone stone
Harlan_Stone stone
Harlan_F._Stone stone
Harlan_Fisk_Stone stone
Marie_Stopes stopes
Marie_Charlotte_Carmichael_Stopes stopes
Tom_Stoppard stoppard
Sir_Tom_Stoppard stoppard
Thomas_Straussler stoppard
Harriet_Beecher_Stowe stowe
Harriet_Elizabeth_Beecher_Stowe stowe
Lytton_Strachey strachey
Giles_Lytton_Strachey strachey
Antonio_Stradivari stradivari
Stradivarius stradivari
Antonius_Stradivarius stradivari
Lee_Strasberg strasberg
Israel_Strassberg strasberg
Johann_Strauss strauss
Strauss_the_Elder strauss
Johann_Strauss strauss
Strauss_the_Younger strauss
Richard_Strauss strauss
Igor_Stravinsky stravinsky
Igor_Fyodorovich_Stravinsky stravinsky
Meryl_Streep streep
Barbra_Streisand streisand
Barbra_Joan_Streisand streisand
William_Strickland strickland
August_Strindberg strindberg
Johan_August_Strindberg strindberg
Erich_von_Stroheim stroheim
Gilbert_Stuart stuart
Gilbert_Charles_Stuart stuart
William_Stubbs stubbs
Peter_Stuyvesant stuyvesant
Petrus_Stuyvesant stuyvesant
William_Styron styron
Sir_John_Suckling suckling
Eugene_Sue sue
Achmad_Sukarno sukarno
Lucius_Cornelius_Sulla_Felix sulla
Arthur_Sullivan sullivan
Arthur_Seymour_Sullivan sullivan
Sir_Arthur_Sullivan sullivan
Anne_Sullivan sullivan
Anne_Mansfield_Sullivan sullivan
Ed_Sullivan sullivan
Edward_Vincent_Sullivan sullivan
Harry_Stack_Sullivan sullivan
Louis_Sullivan sullivan
Louis_Henry_Sullivan sullivan
Louis_Henri_Sullivan sullivan
Duc_de_Sully sully
Maxmilien_de_Bethune sully
Thomas_Sully sully
William_Graham_Sumner sumner
Billy_Sunday sunday
William_Ashley_Sunday sunday
Sun_Yixian sun_yat-sen
Joan_Sutherland sutherland
Dame_Joan_Sutherland sutherland
Otto_Neumann_Sverdrup sverdrup
Jan_Swammerdam swammerdam
Gloria_Swanson swanson
Gloria_May_Josephine_Svensson swanson
Svedberg swedenborg
Emanuel_Swedenborg swedenborg
Emanuel_Svedberg swedenborg
Henry_Sweet sweet
Jonathan_Swift swift
Dean_Swift swift
Gustavus_Franklin_Swift swift
Algernon_Charles_Swinburne swinburne
Thomas_Sydenham sydenham
English_Hippocrates sydenham
Gerbert sylvester_ii
John_Addington_Symonds symonds
Arthur_Symons symons
J._M._Synge synge
John_Millington_Synge synge
Edmund_John_Millington_Synge synge
George_Szell szell
Albert_Szent-Gyorgyi szent-gyorgyi
Albert_von_Szent-Gyorgyi szent-gyorgyi
Leo_Szilard szilard
Publius_Cornelius_Tacitus tacitus
Gaius_Cornelius_Tacitus tacitus
William_Howard_Taft taft
President_Taft taft
Lorado_Taft taft
Rabindranath_Tagore tagore
Sir_Rabindranath_Tagore tagore
Fox_Talbot talbot
William_Henry_Fox_Talbot talbot
Maria_Tallchief tallchief
Charles_Maurice_de_Talleyrand talleyrand
Thomas_Tallis tallis
Tamburlaine tamerlane
Timur tamerlane
Timur_Lenk tamerlane
Igor_Tamm tamm
Igor_Yevgeneevich_Tamm tamm
Jessica_Tandy tandy
Roger_Taney taney
Roger_Brooke_Taney taney
Kenzo_Tange tange
Yves_Tanguy tanguy
Arthur_Tappan tappan
Quentin_Tarantino tarantino
Quentin_Jerome_Tarantino tarantino
Ida_Tarbell tarbell
Ida_M._Tarbell tarbell
Ida_Minerva_Tarbell tarbell
Andrei_Tarkovsky tarkovsky
Andrei_Arsenevich_Tarkovsky tarkovsky
Tarquin_the_Proud tarquin
Tarquinius tarquin
Tarquinius_Superbus tarquin
Lucius_Tarquinius_Superbus tarquin
Abel_Tasman tasman
Abel_Janszoon_Tasman tasman
Torquato_Tasso tasso
Allen_Tate tate
John_Orley_Allen_Tate tate
Jacques_Tati tati
Jacques_Tatischeff tati
Art_Tatum tatum
Arthur_Tatum tatum
Edward_Lawrie_Tatum tatum
Richard_Henry_Tawney tawney
Zachary_Taylor taylor
President_Taylor taylor
Elizabeth_Taylor taylor
Deems_Taylor taylor
Joseph_Deems_Taylor taylor
Peter_Tchaikovsky tchaikovsky
Peter_Ilich_Tchaikovsky tchaikovsky
Pyotr_Tchaikovsky tchaikovsky
Pyotr_Ilych_Tchaikovsky tchaikovsky
Edward_Teach teach
Thatch teach
Edward_Thatch teach
Blackbeard teach
Sara_Teasdale teasdale
Renata_Tebaldi tebaldi
Tecumtha tecumseh
Pierre_Teilhard_de_Chardin teilhard_de_chardin
Dame_Kiri_Te_Kanawa te_kanawa
Dame_Kiri_Janette_Te_Kanawa te_kanawa
Georg_Philipp_Telemann telemann
Edward_Teller teller
Sir_John_Tenniel tenniel
Alfred_Tennyson tennyson
First_Baron_Tennyson tennyson
Alfred_Lord_Tennyson tennyson
Publius_Terentius_Afer terence
Mother_Teresa teresa
Theresa teresa
Mother_Theresa teresa
Agnes_Gonxha_Bojaxhiu teresa
Saint_Teresa_of_Avila teresa_of_avila
Valentina_Tereshkova tereshkova
Valentina_Vladmirovna_Tereshkova tereshkova
Dame_Ellen_Terry terry
Dame_Alice_Ellen_Terry terry
Quintus_Septimius_Florens_Tertullianus tertullian
Nikola_Tesla tesla
William_Makepeace_Thackeray thackeray
Thales_of_Miletus thales
Twyla_Tharp tharp
Margaret_Thatcher thatcher
Margaret_Hilda_Thatcher thatcher
Baroness_Thatcher_of_Kesteven thatcher
Iron_Lady thatcher
Theodosius_I theodosius
Theodosius_the_Great theodosius
Flavius_Theodosius theodosius
Saint_Thomas thomas
St._Thomas thomas
doubting_Thomas thomas
Thomas_the_doubting_Apostle thomas
Dylan_Thomas thomas
Dylan_Marlais_Thomas thomas
Lowell_Thomas thomas
Lowell_Jackson_Thomas thomas
Norman_Thomas thomas
Norman_Mattoon_Thomas thomas
Seth_Thomas thomas
Benjamin_Thompson thompson
Count_Rumford thompson
Homer_Thompson thompson
Homer_A._Thompson thompson
Homer_Armstrong_Thompson thompson
Joseph_John_Thomson thomson
Sir_Joseph_John_Thomson thomson
George_Paget_Thomson thomson
Sir_George_Paget_Thomson thomson
Elihu_Thomson thomson
Virgil_Thomson thomson
Virgil_Garnett_Thomson thomson
Henry_David_Thoreau thoreau
Edward_Lee_Thorndike thorndike
Dame_Sybil_Thorndike thorndike
William_Thornton thornton
Jim_Thorpe thorpe
James_Francis_Thorpe thorpe
James_Thurber thurber
James_Grover_Thurber thurber
Tiberius_Claudius_Nero_Caesar_Augustus tiberius
Giovanni_Battista_Tiepolo tiepolo
Louis_Comfort_Tiffany tiffany
Big_Bill_Tilden tilden
William_Tatem_Tilden_Jr. tilden
Paul_Tillich tillich
Paul_Johannes_Tillich tillich
Jan_Tinbergen tinbergen
Nikolaas_Tinbergen tinbergen
Jacopo_Robusti tintoretto
Gabriel_Tellez tirso_de_molina
Tiziano_Vecellio titian
Marshal_Tito tito
Josip_Broz tito
Titus_Vespasianus_Augustus titus
Titus_Flavius_Vespasianus titus
Mark_Tobey tobey
James_Tobin tobin
Alexis_de_Tocqueville tocqueville
Alexis_Charles_Henri_Maurice_de_Tocqueville tocqueville
Sir_Alexander_Robertus_Todd todd
Lord_Todd todd
Tojo_Hideki tojo
Tojo_Eiki tojo
Alice_B._Toklas toklas
J.R.R._Tolkien tolkien
John_Ronald_Reuel_Tolkien tolkien
Leo_Tolstoy tolstoy
Count_Lev_Nikolayevitch_Tolstoy tolstoy
Clyde_Tombaugh tombaugh
Clyde_William_Tombaugh tombaugh
Tomas_de_Torquemada torquemada
Evangelista_Torricelli torricelli
Arturo_Toscanini toscanini
Henri_Toulouse-Lautrec toulouse-lautrec
Gilles_de_la_Tourette tourette
Georges_Gilles_de_la_Tourette tourette
Ithiel_Town town
Charles_Townes townes
Charles_Hard_Townes townes
Francis_Everett_Townsend townsend
Arnold_Toynbee toynbee
Arnold_Joseph_Toynbee toynbee
Spencer_Tracy tracy
John_Tradescant tradescant
Marcus_Ulpius_Traianus trajan
Helen_Traubel traubel
Sir_Herbert_Beerbohm_Tree tree
George_Otto_Trevelyan trevelyan
Sir_George_Otto_Trevelyan trevelyan
George_Macaulay_Trevelyan trevelyan
Lee_Trevino trevino
Lee_Buck_Trevino trevino
Supermex trevino
Richard_Trevithick trevithick
Lionel_Trilling trilling
Anthony_Trollope trollope
Leon_Trotsky trotsky
Lev_Davidovich_Bronstein trotsky
Francois_Truffaut truffaut
Harry_Truman truman
Harry_S_Truman truman
President_Truman truman
Dalton_Trumbo trumbo
John_Trumbull trumbull
John_Trumbull trumbull
Jonathan_Trumbull trumbull
Sojourner_Truth truth
Harriet_Tubman tubman
Barbara_Tuchman tuchman
Barbara_Wertheim_Tuchman tuchman
Sophie_Tucker tucker
Benjamin_Ricketson_Tucker tucker
Antony_Tudor tudor
Gene_Tunney tunney
James_Joseph_Tunney tunney
Ivan_Turgenev turgenev
Ivan_Sergeevich_Turgenev turgenev
Anne_Robert_Jacques_Turgot turgot
Alan_Turing turing
Alan_Mathison_Turing turing
Frederick_Jackson_Turner turner
Joseph_Mallord_William_Turner turner
Henry_Hubert_Turner turner
Nat_Turner turner
Dick_Turpin turpin
Marie_Tussaud tussaud
Madame_Tussaud tussaud
Marie_Grosholtz tussaud
Desmond_Tutu tutu
John_Tyler tyler
President_Tyler tyler
William_Tyndale tyndale
Tindale tyndale
William_Tindale tyndale
Tindal tyndale
William_Tindal tyndale
John_Tyndall tyndall
Mike_Tyson tyson
Michael_Gerald_Tyson tyson
Tristan_Tzara tzara
Samuel_Rosenstock tzara
Johann_Ludwig_Uhland uhland
Galina_Ulanova ulanova
Galina_Sergeevna_Ulanova ulanova
Bishop_Ulfilas ulfilas
Ulfila ulfilas
Bishop_Ulfila ulfilas
Wulfila ulfilas
Bishop_Wulfila ulfilas
Sigrid_Undset undset
Louis_Untermeyer untermeyer
John_Updike updike
John_Hoyer_Updike updike
Richard_Upjohn upjohn
Odo urban_ii
Odo_of_Lagery urban_ii
Otho urban_ii
Otho_of_Lagery urban_ii
Guillaume_de_Grimoard urban_v
Bartolomeo_Prignano urban_vi
Maffeo_Barberini urban_viii
Harold_Urey urey
Harold_Clayton_Urey urey
James_Ussher ussher
Usher ussher
James_Usher ussher
Sir_Peter_Ustinov ustinov
Peter_Alexander_Ustinov ustinov
Maurice_Utrillo utrillo
James_Alfred_Van_Allen van_allen
John_Vanbrugh vanbrugh
Sir_John_Vanbrigh vanbrugh
Martin_Van_Buren van_buren
President_Van_Buren van_buren
George_Vancouver vancouver
Robert_Van_de_Graaff van_de_graaff
Robert_Jemison_Van_de_Graaff van_de_graaff
Cornelius_Vanderbilt vanderbilt
Commodore_Vanderbilt vanderbilt
Johannes_van_der_Waals van_der_waals
Johannes_Diderik_van_der_Waals van_der_waals
Henri_van_de_Velde van_de_velde
Henri_Clemens_van_de_Velde van_de_velde
Carl_Van_Doren van_doren
Carl_Clinton_Van_Doren van_doren
Van_Dyck vandyke
Anthony_Vandyke vandyke
Sir_Anthony_Vandyke vandyke
Vincent_van_Gogh van_gogh
Gogh van_gogh
John_Van_Vleck van_vleck
John_Hasbrouck_Van_Vleck van_vleck
Bartolomeo_Vanzetti vanzetti
Edgar_Varese varese
Getulio_Dornelles_Vargas vargas
Mario_Vargas_Llosa vargas_llosa
Jorge_Mario_Pedro_Vargas_Llosa vargas_llosa
Marcus_Terentius_Varro varro
Viktor_Vasarely vasarely
Giorgio_Vasari vasari
Sarah_Vaughan vaughan
Ralph_Vaughan_Williams vaughan_williams
Calvert_Vaux vaux
Oswald_Veblen veblen
Thorstein_Veblen veblen
Thorstein_Bunde_Veblen veblen
Lope_de_Vega vega
Lope_Felix_de_Vega_Carpio vega
Diego_Rodriguez_de_Silva_y_Velazquez velazquez
John_Venn venn
Craig_Ventner ventner
J._Craig_Ventner ventner
Robert_Venturi venturi
Robert_Charles_Venturi venturi
Giuseppe_Verdi verdi
Guiseppe_Fortunino_Francesco_Verdi verdi
Paul_Verlaine verlaine
Jan_Vermeer vermeer
Jan_van_der_Meer vermeer
Jules_Verne verne
Karl_Adolph_Verner verner
Paul_Vernier vernier
Paolo_Veronese veronese
Paola_Caliari veronese
Giovanni_da_Verrazano verrazano
Verrazzano verrazano
Giovanni_da_Verrazzano verrazano
Gianni_Versace versace
Hendrik_Verwoerd verwoerd
Hendrik_Frensch_Verwoerd verwoerd
Andreas_Vesalius vesalius
Denmark_Vesey vesey
Titus_Flavius_Sabinus_Vespasianus vespasian
Amerigo_Vespucci vespucci
Americus_Vespucius vespucci
Gaetan_Vestris vestris
Queen_Victoria victoria
Gore_Vidal vidal
Eugene_Luther_Vidal vidal
Elisabeth_Vigee-Lebrun vigee-lebrun
Marie_Louise_Elisabeth_Vigee-Lebrun vigee-lebrun
Pancho_Villa villa
Francisco_Villa villa
Doroteo_Arango villa
Heitor_Villa-Lobos villa-lobos
Henry_Villard villard
Francois_Villon villon
Sir_Paul_Gavrilovich_Vinogradoff vinogradoff
Frederick_Moore_Vinson vinson
Rudolf_Virchow virchow
Rudolf_Karl_Virchow virchow
Vergil virgil
Publius_Vergilius_Maro virgil
Luchino_Visconti visconti
Don_Luchino_Visconti_Conte_di_Modrone visconti
St._Vitus vitus
Antonio_Vivaldi vivaldi
Antonio_Lucio_Vivaldi vivaldi
Sebastian_Vizcaino vizcaino
Maurice_de_Vlaminck vlaminck
Count_Alessandro_Volta volta
Conte_Alessandro_Volta volta
Conte_Alessandro_Giuseppe_Antonio_Anastasio_Volta volta
Arouet voltaire
Francois-Marie_Arouet voltaire
Kurt_Vonnegut vonnegut
Neumann von_neumann
John_von_Neumann von_neumann
Josef_von_Sternberg von_sternberg
Andrei_Voznesenski voznesenski
Edouard_Vuillard vuillard
Jean_Edouard_Vuillard vuillard
Virginia_Wade wade
Richard_Wagner wagner
Wilhelm_Richard_Wagner wagner
Otto_Wagner wagner
John_Wain wain
John_Barrington_Wain wain
Morrison_Waite waite
Morrison_R._Waite waite
Morrison_Remick_Waite waite
Andrzej_Wajda wajda
Kurt_Waldheim waldheim
Lech_Walesa walesa
Alice_Walker walker
Alice_Malsenior_Walker walker
John_Walker walker
Alfred_Russel_Wallace wallace
Edgar_Wallace wallace
Richard_Horatio_Edgar_Wallace wallace
Sir_William_Wallace wallace
Albrecht_Eusebius_Wenzel_von_Wallenstein wallenstein
Fats_Waller waller
Thomas_Wright_Waller waller
Robert_Walpole walpole
Sir_Robert_Walpole walpole
First_Earl_of_Orford walpole
Horace_Walpole walpole
Horatio_Walpole walpole
Fourth_Earl_of_Orford walpole
Bruno_Walter walter
E._T._S._Walton walton
Ernest_Walton walton
Ernest_Thomas_Sinton_Walton walton
Izaak_Walton walton
William_Walton walton
Sir_William_Walton walton
Sir_William_Turner_Walton walton
John_Wanamaker wanamaker
Aby_Warburg warburg
Aby_Moritz_Warburg warburg
Otto_Heinrich_Warburg warburg
Montgomery_Ward ward
Aaron_Montgomery_Ward ward
Mrs._Humphrey_Ward ward
Mary_Augusta_Arnold_Ward ward
Barbara_Ward ward
Baroness_Jackson_of_Lodsworth ward
Andy_Warhol warhol
Charles_Dudley_Warner warner
Earl_Warren warren
Robert_Penn_Warren warren
Earl_of_Warwick warwick
Richard_Neville warwick
Kingmaker warwick
George_Washington washington
President_Washington washington
Booker_T._Washington washington
Booker_Taliaferro_Washington washington
August_von_Wassermann wassermann
Ethel_Waters waters
James_Watson watson
James_Dewey_Watson watson
John_Broadus_Watson watson
Thomas_Augustus_Watson watson
James_Watt watt
Jean_Antoine_Watteau watteau
Isaac_Watts watts
Evelyn_Waugh waugh
Evelyn_Arthur_Saint_John_Waugh waugh
Archibald_Percival_Wavell wavell
First_Earl_Wavell wavell
Anthony_Wayne wayne
Mad_Anthony_Wayne wayne
John_Wayne wayne
Duke_Wayne wayne
Sidney_Webb webb
Sidney_James_Webb webb
First_Baron_Passfield webb
Beatrice_Webb webb
Martha_Beatrice_Potter_Webb webb
E._H._Weber weber
Ernst_Heinrich_Weber weber
Carl_Maria_von_Weber weber
Baron_Karl_Maria_Friedrich_Ernst_von_Weber weber
Max_Weber weber
Max_Weber weber
Wilhelm_Eduard_Weber weber
Noah_Webster webster
Daniel_Webster webster
John_Webster webster
Josiah_Wedgwood wedgwood
Alfred_Lothar_Wegener wegener
Andre_Weil weil
Simone_Weil weil
Kurt_Weill weill
Steven_Weinberg weinberg
August_Friedrich_Leopold_Weismann weismann
Chaim_Weizmann weizmann
Chaim_Azriel_Weizmann weizmann
Theodore_Dwight_Weld weld
Orson_Welles welles
George_Orson_Welles welles
Duke_of_Wellington wellington
First_Duke_of_Wellington wellington
Arthur_Wellesley wellington
Iron_Duke wellington
H._G._Wells wells
Herbert_George_Wells wells
Eudora_Welty welty
Franz_Werfel werfel
Karl_Wernicke wernicke
John_Wesley wesley
Charles_Wesley wesley
Benjamin_West west
Mae_West west
Rebecca_West west
Dame_Rebecca_West west
Cicily_Isabel_Fairfield west
George_Westinghouse westinghouse
Edward_Weston weston
Edith_Wharton wharton
Edith_Newbold_Jones_Wharton wharton
Phillis_Wheatley wheatley
Sir_Charles_Wheatstone wheatstone
Sir_Mortimer_Wheeler wheeler
Sir_Robert_Eric_Mortimer_Wheeler wheeler
James_Abbott_McNeill_Whistler whistler
Andrew_D._White white
Andrew_Dickson_White white
E._B._White white
Elwyn_Brooks_White white
Stanford_White white
T._H._White white
Theodore_Harold_White white
Patrick_White white
Patrick_Victor_Martindale_White white
Edward_White white
Edward_D._White white
Edward_Douglas_White_Jr. white
Alfred_North_Whitehead whitehead
Marcus_Whitman whitman
Walt_Whitman whitman
Eli_Whitney whitney
John_Greenleaf_Whittier whittier
Frank_Whittle whittle
Sir_Frank_Whittle whittle
Norbert_Wiener wiener
Elie_Wiesel wiesel
Eliezer_Wiesel wiesel
Samuel_Wiesenthal wiesenthal
Eugene_Wigner wigner
Eugene_Paul_Wigner wigner
Oscar_Wilde wilde
Oscar_Fingal_O'Flahertie_Wills_Wilde wilde
Billy_Wilder wilder
Samuel_Wilder wilder
Thornton_Wilder wilder
Thornton_Niven_Wilder wilder
Kaiser_Wilhelm wilhelm_ii
Kaiser_Bill wilhelm_ii
Charles_Wilkes wilkes
John_Wilkes wilkes
Maurice_Wilkins wilkins
Maurice_Hugh_Frederick_Wilkins wilkins
George_Hubert_Wilkins wilkins
Roy_Wilkins wilkins
Sir_Geoffrey_Wilkinson wilkinson
Emma_Hart_Willard willard
Frances_Elizabeth_Caroline_Willard willard
von_Willebrand willebrand
E._A._von_Willebrand willebrand
Erik_von_Willebrand willebrand
Erik_Adolf_von_Willebrand willebrand
William_the_Conqueror william_i
William_Rufus william_ii
William_of_Orange william_iii
Sailor_King william_iv
Tennessee_Williams williams
Thomas_Lanier_Williams williams
Roger_Williams williams
Ted_Williams williams
Theodore_Samuel_Williams williams
William_Carlos_Williams williams
Sir_Bernard_Williams williams
Bernard_Arthur_Owen_Williams williams
Hank_Williams williams
Hiram_Williams williams
Hiram_King_Williams williams
Thomas_Willis willis
Ian_Wilmut wilmut
Woodrow_Wilson wilson
Thomas_Woodrow_Wilson wilson
President_Wilson wilson
Edmund_Wilson wilson
Charles_Thomson_Rees_Wilson wilson
E._O._Wilson wilson
Edward_Osborne_Wilson wilson
James_Wilson wilson
John_Tuzo_Wilson wilson
Robert_Woodrow_Wilson wilson
Alexander_Wilson wilson
Sir_Angus_Wilson wilson
Angus_Frank_Johnstone_Wilson wilson
Harriet_Wilson wilson
Johann_Winckelmann winckelmann
Johann_Joachim_Winckelmann winckelmann
Adolf_Windaus windaus
Edward_Winslow winslow
Isaac_Mayer_Wise wise
Stephen_Samuel_Wise wise
Owen_Wister wister
John_Witherspoon witherspoon
Ludwig_Wittgenstein wittgenstein
Ludwig_Josef_Johan_Wittgenstein wittgenstein
P._G._Wodehouse wodehouse
Pelham_Grenville_Wodehouse wodehouse
Friedrich_August_Wolf wolf
Hugo_Wolf wolf
Thomas_Wolfe wolfe
Thomas_Clayton_Wolfe wolfe
Tom_Wolfe wolfe
Thomas_Wolfe wolfe
Thomas_Kennerly_Wolfe_Jr. wolfe
Kaspar_Friedrich_Wolff wolff
William_Hyde_Wollaston wollaston
Mary_Wollstonecraft wollstonecraft
Mary_Wollstonecraft_Godwin wollstonecraft
Grant_Wood wood
Mrs._Henry_Wood wood
Ellen_Price_Wood wood
Sir_Henry_Wood wood
Sir_Henry_Joseph_Wood wood
Natalie_Wood wood
Helen_Laura_Sumner_Woodbury woodbury
Victoria_Clafin_Woodhull woodhull
Bob_Woodward woodward
Robert_Woodward woodward
Robert_Burns_Woodward woodward
C._Vann_Woodward woodward
Comer_Vann_Woodward woodward
Virginia_Woolf woolf
Adeline_Virginia_Stephen_Woolf woolf
Alexander_Woollcott woollcott
Sir_Leonard_Woolley woolley
Sir_Charles_Leonard_Woolley woolley
Frank_Winfield_Woolworth woolworth
Joseph_Emerson_Worcester worcester
William_Wordsworth wordsworth
Charles_Frederick_Worth worth
Herman_Wouk wouk
Sir_Christopher_Wren wren
Frances_Wright wright
Fanny_Wright wright
Frank_Lloyd_Wright wright
Orville_Wright wright
Wilbur_Wright wright
Richard_Wright wright
Willard_Huntington_Wright wright
S._S._Van_Dine wright
Rudolf_Wurlitzer wurlitzer
Sir_Thomas_Wyatt wyatt
Wyat wyatt
Sir_Thomas_Wyat wyatt
James_Wyatt wyatt
William_Wycherley wycherley
John_Wycliffe wycliffe
Wickliffe wycliffe
John_Wickliffe wycliffe
Wyclif wycliffe
John_Wyclif wycliffe
Wiclif wycliffe
John_Wiclif wycliffe
Andrew_Wyeth wyeth
William_of_Wykeham wykeham
William_Wyler wyler
Elinor_Morton_Hoyt_Wylie wylie
Tammy_Wynette wynette
Tammy_Wynetter_Pugh wynette
Stefan_Wyszynski wyszynski
Saint_Francis_Xavier xavier
Xerxes_the_Great xerxes_i
Elihu_Yale yale
Isoroku_Yamamoto yamamoto
Ahmed_Zoki_Yamani yamani
Chen_N._Yang yang_chen_ning
Carl_Yastrzemski yastrzemski
William_Butler_Yeats yeats
W._B._Yeats yeats
Robert_M._Yerkes yerkes
Robert_Mearns_Yerkes yerkes
Alexandre_Yersin yersin
Alexandre_Emile_Jean_Yersin yersin
Yevgeni_Yevtushenko yevtushenko
Yevgeni_Aleksandrovich_Yevtushenko yevtushenko
Brigham_Young young
Cy_Young young
Danton_True_Young young
Edward_Young young
Pres_Young young
Lester_Willis_Young young
Thomas_Young young
Whitney_Young young
Whitney_Moore_Young_Jr. young
Loretta_Young young
Hideki_Yukawa yukawa
Babe_Zaharias zaharias
Didrikson zaharias
Babe_Didrikson zaharias
Mildred_Ella_Didrikson zaharias
Mildred_Ella_Didrikson_Zaharias zaharias
Israel_Zangwill zangwill
Darryl_Zanuck zanuck
Darryl_Francis_Zanuck zanuck
Emiliano_Zapata zapata
Zacharias zechariah
Pieter_Zeeman zeeman
Zeno_of_Citium zeno
Zeno_of_Elea zeno
Sophonias zephaniah
Count_Ferdinand_von_Zeppelin zeppelin
Chou_En-lai zhou_en-lai
Georgi_Zhukov zhukov
Georgi_Konstantinovich_Zhukov zhukov
Flo_Ziegfeld ziegfeld
Florenz_Ziegfeld ziegfeld
Karl_Waldemar_Ziegler ziegler
Efrem_Zimbalist zimbalist
Fred_Zinnemann zinnemann
Hans_Zinsser zinsser
Count_Nikolaus_Ludwig_von_Zinzendorf zinzendorf
Emile_Zola zola
Zarathustra zoroaster
Richard_Adolph_Zsigmondy zsigmondy
Pinchas_Zukerman zukerman
Stefan_Zweig zweig
Ulrich_Zwingli zwingli
Huldreich_Zwingli zwingli
Vladimir_Kosma_Zworykin zworykin
rebirth metempsychosis
allotropism allotropy
photoconduction photoconductivity
crystallisation crystallization
crystallizing crystallization
bloom efflorescence
effect consequence
outcome consequence
result consequence
event consequence
issue consequence
upshot consequence
wake aftermath
backwash aftermath
byproduct by-product
wallop impact
branch outgrowth
offshoot outgrowth
offset outgrowth
reverberation repercussion
fallout side_effect
fortune luck
chance luck
hazard luck
fortune luck
distortion aberration
optical_aberration aberration
autogenesis abiogenesis
autogeny abiogenesis
spontaneous_generation abiogenesis
actinic_ray actinic_radiation
energy_of_activation activation_energy
lift aerodynamic_lift
chemical_attraction affinity
pocket air_pocket
air_hole air_pocket
airstream slipstream
race slipstream
backwash slipstream
wash slipstream
alluvial_cone alluvial_fan
alpha_ray alpha_radiation
alpha_wave alpha_rhythm
AC alternating_current
alternating_electric_current alternating_current
heterogenesis alternation_of_generations
xenogenesis alternation_of_generations
digenesis metagenesis
growth_ring annual_ring
motion apparent_motion
apparent_movement apparent_motion
movement apparent_motion
nuclear_energy atomic_energy
nuclear_power atomic_power
attractive_force attraction
repulsive_force repulsion
corona aureole
southern_lights aurora_australis
northern_lights aurora_borealis
mischance bad_luck
mishap bad_luck
beam_of_light beam
light_beam beam
ray beam
ray_of_light beam
shaft beam
shaft_of_light beam
irradiation beam
ray beam
electron_beam beam
beta_ray beta_radiation
electron_radiation beta_radiation
beta_wave beta_rhythm
separation_energy binding_energy
bize bise
air_pressure atmospheric_pressure
pressure atmospheric_pressure
blackbody_radiation black-body_radiation
brain_wave brainwave
cortical_potential brainwave
calm calm_air
zephyr breeze
gentle_wind breeze
air breeze
Brownian_motion brownian_movement
pedesis brownian_movement
candle_flame candlelight
electrical_capacity capacitance
capacity capacitance
electrical_elastance elastance
capillary_action capillarity
cataclysm catastrophe
electric_charge charge
bond chemical_bond
cross-linkage cross-link
electrovalent_bond ionic_bond
electrostatic_bond ionic_bond
dative_bond coordinate_bond
peptide_linkage peptide_bond
chinook_wind chinook
snow_eater chinook
frost freeze
corona corona_discharge
corposant corona_discharge
St._Elmo's_fire corona_discharge
Saint_Elmo's_fire corona_discharge
Saint_Elmo's_light corona_discharge
Saint_Ulmo's_fire corona_discharge
Saint_Ulmo's_light corona_discharge
electric_glow corona_discharge
CBR cosmic_background_radiation
cosmic_microwave_background_radiation cosmic_background_radiation
CMBR cosmic_background_radiation
cosmic_microwave_background cosmic_background_radiation
CMB cosmic_background_radiation
mushroom_cloud mushroom
mushroom-shaped_cloud mushroom
gegenschein counterglow
foehn fohn
catabatic_wind katabatic_wind
electric_current current
streaming cyclosis
decomposition decay
delta_wave delta_rhythm
sedimentation deposit
alluviation deposit
peeling desquamation
shedding desquamation
champion_lode mother_lode
load lode
condensate condensation
DC direct_current
direct_electric_current direct_current
impetus drift
impulsion drift
duster dust_storm
sandstorm dust_storm
sirocco dust_storm
easter east_wind
easterly east_wind
northwester northwest_wind
sou'wester southwester
sou'easter southeaster
elastic_potential_energy elastic_energy
electric_power electrical_power
wattage electrical_power
electrical_energy electricity
electromagnetic_wave electromagnetic_radiation
nonparticulate_radiation electromagnetic_radiation
free_energy energy
energy_state energy_level
inundation flood
deluge flood
alluvion flood
flashflood flash_flood
Noachian_deluge noah's_flood
Noah_and_the_Flood noah's_flood
the_Flood noah's_flood
focal_point focus
food_cycle food_web
sunshine fair_weather
temperateness fair_weather
field_of_force field
force_field field
field_line line_of_force
chain_lightning forked_lightning
ignis_fatuus friar's_lantern
jack-o'-lantern friar's_lantern
will-o'-the-wisp friar's_lantern
rubbing friction
interference_fringe fringe
abrasion grinding
attrition grinding
detrition grinding
traction grip
adhesive_friction grip
polar_front cold_front
occlusion occluded_front
greenhouse_warming greenhouse_effect
frost_heaving frost_heave
near_gale moderate_gale
violent_storm storm
noreaster northeaster
gamma_ray gamma_radiation
glow radiance
glowing radiance
fluke good_luck
good_fortune good_luck
gravitation gravity
gravitational_attraction gravity
gravitational_force gravity
blast gust
blow gust
heat_energy heat
pogonip ice_fog
silver_storm ice_storm
glow incandescence
inductance induction
infrared_light infrared
infrared_radiation infrared
infrared_emission infrared
K.E. kinetic_energy
heat_of_transformation latent_heat
heat_of_vaporisation heat_of_vaporization
purchase leverage
visible_light light
visible_radiation light
blue_jet jet
reverse_lightning jet
red_sprites sprites
magnetic_flux magnetic_field
flux magnetic_field
NMR nuclear_magnetic_resonance
proton_magnetic_resonance nuclear_magnetic_resonance
magnetic_attraction magnetism
magnetic_force magnetism
flight trajectory
ballistic_trajectory ballistics
mass_deficiency mass_defect
thawing thaw
warming thaw
moment_of_a_magnet magnetic_moment
shooting_star meteor
fireball bolide
moon_ray moonbeam
moon-ray moonbeam
moonshine moonlight
Moon moonlight
sunshine sunlight
sun sunlight
sunray sunbeam
ionic_beam ion_beam
cell_death necrobiosis
programmed_cell_death apoptosis
caspase-mediated_cell_death apoptosis
mortification necrosis
gangrene necrosis
sphacelus necrosis
cerebral_death brain_death
parhelic_circle solar_halo
parhelic_ring solar_halo
mock_sun parhelion
sundog parhelion
northerly north_wind
norther north_wind
boreas north_wind
Kuroshio_current japan_current
Kuroshio japan_current
Humboldt_current peruvian_current
radio-opacity radiopacity
pea-souper pea_soup
piezoelectric_effect piezoelectricity
piezo_effect piezoelectricity
polarisation polarization
depolarisation depolarization
pleomorphism polymorphism
SNP single_nucleotide_polymorphism
potential electric_potential
potential_difference electric_potential
potential_drop electric_potential
voltage electric_potential
P.E. potential_energy
downfall precipitation
pressure_level pressure
force_per_unit_area pressure
IOP intraocular_pressure
corpuscular-radiation_pressure radiation_pressure
instantaneous_sound_pressure sound_pressure
puff_of_air puff
whiff puff
thrust push
particulate_radiation corpuscular_radiation
radio_emission radio_wave
radio_radiation radio_wave
radio-frequency_spectrum radio_spectrum
carrier carrier_wave
rainfall rain
equinoctial_storm line_storm
cloudburst downpour
deluge downpour
waterspout downpour
torrent downpour
pelter downpour
soaker downpour
mizzle drizzle
rain_shower shower
reflexion reflection
birefringence double_refraction
electrical_resistance electric_resistance
impedance electric_resistance
resistance electric_resistance
resistivity electric_resistance
ohmic_resistance electric_resistance
acoustic_impedance acoustic_resistance
acoustic_reactance acoustic_resistance
retarding_force drag
sound_barrier sonic_barrier
greening rejuvenation
resolution resolving_power
sprinkle scattering
sprinkling scattering
meteor_stream meteor_shower
simoon simoom
samiel simoom
fume smoke
snowfall snow
snow_flurry flurry
flake snowflake
snow_mist ice_crystal
diamond_dust ice_crystal
poudrin ice_crystal
ice_needle ice_crystal
frost_snow ice_crystal
frost_mist ice_crystal
snowstorm blizzard
solar_power solar_energy
flare solar_flare
acoustic_spectrum sound_spectrum
macula sunspot
souther south_wind
southerly south_wind
spark discharge
arc discharge
electric_arc discharge
electric_discharge discharge
amplitude_distortion nonlinear_distortion
acoustic_projection projection
sound_projection projection
conductivity conduction
Doppler_shift doppler_effect
redshift red_shift
current_electricity dynamic_electricity
fundamental_interaction interaction
strong_force strong_interaction
color_force strong_interaction
weak_force weak_interaction
interfacial_surface_tension interfacial_tension
theta_wave theta_rhythm
bolt thunderbolt
bolt_of_lightning thunderbolt
electrical_storm thunderstorm
electric_storm thunderstorm
twister tornado
torque torsion
toss-up tossup
even_chance tossup
trade trade_wind
antitrade antitrade_wind
tramontana tramontane
transparence transparency
turbulency turbulence
ultraviolet_radiation ultraviolet
ultraviolet_light ultraviolet
ultraviolet_illumination ultraviolet
UV ultraviolet
sun-ray sunray
draught draft
vapour_pressure vapor_pressure
color_spectrum visible_spectrum
electromotive_force voltage
emf voltage
vital_force life_force
vitality life_force
elan_vital life_force
weather_condition weather
conditions weather
atmospheric_condition weather
wester west_wind
westerly prevailing_westerly
air_current wind
current_of_air wind
wind_power wind_generation
X-ray x_ray
X-radiation x_ray
roentgen_ray x_ray
floatation flotation
annual_parallax heliocentric_parallax
diurnal_parallax geocentric_parallax
kingdom_Plantae plantae
plant_kingdom plantae
pileus cap
cleistocarp cleistothecium
division_Tracheophyta tracheophyta
division_Bryophyta bryophyta
nonvascular_plant bryophyte
class_Anthoceropsida anthoceropsida
order_Anthocerotales anthocerotales
family_Anthocerotaceae anthocerotaceae
genus_Anthoceros anthoceros
class_Bryopsida bryopsida
Musci bryopsida
class_Musci bryopsida
acrocarpous_moss acrocarp
pleurocarpous_moss pleurocarp
order_Andreaeales andreaeales
genus_Andreaea andreaea
order_Bryales bryales
order_Dicranales dicranales
family_Dicranaceae dicranaceae
genus_Dicranum dicranum
order_Eubryales eubryales
family_Bryaceae bryaceae
genus_Bryum bryum
family_Mniaceae mniaceae
genus_Mnium mnium
order_Sphagnales sphagnales
sphagnum_moss sphagnum
peat_moss sphagnum
bog_moss sphagnum
class_Hepaticopsida hepaticopsida
Hepaticae hepaticopsida
class_Hepaticae hepaticopsida
hepatic liverwort
order_Jungermanniales jungermanniales
scale_moss leafy_liverwort
family_Jungermanniaceae jungermanniaceae
order_Marchantiales marchantiales
family_Marchantiaceae marchantiaceae
genus_Marchantia marchantia
Marchantia_polymorpha hepatica
order_Sphaerocarpales sphaerocarpales
family_Sphaerocarpaceae sphaerocarpaceae
genus_Sphaerocarpus sphaerocarpus
Sphaerocarpos sphaerocarpus
genus_Sphaerocarpos sphaerocarpus
division_Pteridophyta pteridophyta
nonflowering_plant pteridophyte
conidiospore conidium
spore_case sporocarp
division_Spermatophyta spermatophyta
phanerogam spermatophyte
seed_plant spermatophyte
liliopsid_family monocot_family
liliopsid_genus monocot_genus
magnoliopsid_family dicot_family
magnoliopsid_genus dicot_genus
class_Gymnospermae gymnospermae
Gymnospermophyta gymnospermae
division_Gymnospermophyta gymnospermae
class_Gnetopsida gnetopsida
Gnetophytina gnetopsida
subdivision_Gnetophytina gnetopsida
Gnetophyta gnetopsida
order_Gnetales gnetales
family_Gnetaceae gnetaceae
Gnetum_gnemon gnetum
family_Ephedraceae ephedraceae
genus_Catha catha
joint_fir ephedra
Ephedra_sinica mahuang
family_Welwitschiaceae welwitschiaceae
genus_Welwitchia genus_welwitschia
Welwitschia_mirabilis welwitschia
class_Cycadopsida cycadopsida
Cycadophytina cycadopsida
subdivision_Cycadophytina cycadopsida
Cycadophyta cycadopsida
subdivision_Cycadophyta cycadopsida
order_Cycadales cycadales
family_Cycadaceae cycadaceae
cycad_family cycadaceae
genus_Cycas cycas
Cycas_revoluta sago_palm
fern_palm false_sago
Cycas_circinalis false_sago
family_Zamiaceae zamiaceae
zamia_family zamiaceae
Florida_arrowroot coontie
Seminole_bread coontie
Zamia_pumila coontie
Encephalartos_caffer kaffir_bread
Macrozamia_communis burrawong
Macrozamia_spiralis burrawong
order_Bennettitales bennettitales
family_Bennettitaceae bennettitaceae
genus_Bennettitis bennettitis
class_Pteridospermopsida pteridospermopsida
order_Cycadofilicales cycadofilicales
Lyginopteridales cycadofilicales
order_Lyginopteridales cycadofilicales
group_Pteridospermae pteridospermae
Pteridospermaphyta pteridospermae
group_Pteridospermaphyta pteridospermae
genus_Lyginopteris lyginopteris
pteridosperm seed_fern
class_Coniferopsida coniferopsida
Coniferophytina coniferopsida
subdivision_Coniferophytina coniferopsida
Coniferophyta coniferopsida
order_Cordaitales cordaitales
family_Cordaitaceae cordaitaceae
genus_Cordaites cordaites
class_Pinopsida pinopsida
Pinophytina pinopsida
subdivision_Pinophytina pinopsida
order_Coniferales coniferales
family_Pinaceae pinaceae
pine_family pinaceae
genus_Pinus pinus
pine_tree pine
true_pine pine
pinyon pinon
Mexican_nut_pine pinon_pine
Pinus_cembroides pinon_pine
Pinus_edulis rocky_mountain_pinon
single-leaf_pine single-leaf
single-leaf_pinyon single-leaf
Pinus_monophylla single-leaf
bishop's_pine bishop_pine
Pinus_muricata bishop_pine
Pinus_californiarum california_single-leaf_pinyon
Pinus_quadrifolia parry's_pinyon
Pinus_parryana parry's_pinyon
Pinus_glabra spruce_pine
Pinus_nigra black_pine
northern_pitch_pine pitch_pine
Pinus_rigida pitch_pine
Pinus_serotina pond_pine
umbrella_pine stone_pine
European_nut_pine stone_pine
Pinus_pinea stone_pine
Swiss_stone_pine swiss_pine
arolla_pine swiss_pine
cembra_nut_tree swiss_pine
Pinus_cembra swiss_pine
cedar_nut cembra_nut
mountain_pine swiss_mountain_pine
dwarf_mountain_pine swiss_mountain_pine
mugho_pine swiss_mountain_pine
mugo_pine swiss_mountain_pine
Pinus_mugo swiss_mountain_pine
Pinus_longaeva ancient_pine
eastern_white_pine american_white_pine
weymouth_pine american_white_pine
Pinus_strobus american_white_pine
silver_pine western_white_pine
mountain_pine western_white_pine
Pinus_monticola western_white_pine
Pinus_strobiformis southwestern_white_pine
Pinus_flexilis limber_pine
whitebarked_pine whitebark_pine
Pinus_albicaulis whitebark_pine
ponderosa_pine ponderosa
western_yellow_pine ponderosa
bull_pine ponderosa
Pinus_ponderosa ponderosa
Jeffrey's_pine jeffrey_pine
black_pine jeffrey_pine
Pinus_jeffreyi jeffrey_pine
lodgepole shore_pine
lodgepole_pine shore_pine
spruce_pine shore_pine
Pinus_contorta shore_pine
Pinus_contorta_murrayana sierra_lodgepole_pine
frankincense_pine loblolly_pine
Pinus_taeda loblolly_pine
Pinus_banksiana jack_pine
pitch_pine longleaf_pine
southern_yellow_pine longleaf_pine
Georgia_pine longleaf_pine
Pinus_palustris longleaf_pine
short-leaf_pine shortleaf_pine
shortleaf_yellow_pine shortleaf_pine
Pinus_echinata shortleaf_pine
Canadian_red_pine red_pine
Pinus_resinosa red_pine
Scots_pine scotch_pine
Scotch_fir scotch_pine
Pinus_sylvestris scotch_pine
Virginia_pine scrub_pine
Jersey_pine scrub_pine
Pinus_virginiana scrub_pine
Pinus_radiata monterey_pine
Rocky_Mountain_bristlecone_pine bristlecone_pine
Pinus_aristata bristlecone_pine
prickly_pine table-mountain_pine
hickory_pine table-mountain_pine
Pinus_pungens table-mountain_pine
Pinus_attenuata knobcone_pine
Japanese_table_pine japanese_red_pine
Pinus_densiflora japanese_red_pine
black_pine japanese_black_pine
Pinus_thunbergii japanese_black_pine
Torrey's_pine torrey_pine
soledad_pine torrey_pine
grey-leaf_pine torrey_pine
sabine_pine torrey_pine
Pinus_torreyana torrey_pine
genus_Larix larix
larch_tree larch
tamarack american_larch
black_larch american_larch
Larix_laricina american_larch
western_tamarack western_larch
Oregon_larch western_larch
Larix_occidentalis western_larch
Larix_lyallii subalpine_larch
Larix_decidua european_larch
Larix_siberica siberian_larch
Larix_russica siberian_larch
genus_Pseudolarix pseudolarix
Pseudolarix_amabilis golden_larch
genus_Abies abies
fir_tree fir
true_fir fir
white_fir amabilis_fir
Pacific_silver_fir amabilis_fir
red_silver_fir amabilis_fir
Christmas_tree amabilis_fir
Abies_amabilis amabilis_fir
Christmas_tree european_silver_fir
Abies_alba european_silver_fir
Colorado_fir white_fir
California_white_fir white_fir
Abies_concolor white_fir
Abies_lowiana white_fir
balm_of_Gilead balsam_fir
Canada_balsam balsam_fir
Abies_balsamea balsam_fir
Abies_fraseri fraser_fir
lowland_white_fir lowland_fir
giant_fir lowland_fir
grand_fir lowland_fir
Abies_grandis lowland_fir
subalpine_fir alpine_fir
Abies_lasiocarpa alpine_fir
bristlecone_fir santa_lucia_fir
Abies_bracteata santa_lucia_fir
Abies_venusta santa_lucia_fir
genus_Cedrus cedrus
cedar_tree cedar
true_cedar cedar
cedarwood cedar
Cedrus_libani cedar_of_lebanon
deodar_cedar deodar
Himalayan_cedar deodar
Cedrus_deodara deodar
Cedrus_atlantica atlas_cedar
genus_Picea picea
Picea_abies norway_spruce
Brewer's_spruce weeping_spruce
Picea_breweriana weeping_spruce
Engelmann's_spruce engelmann_spruce
Picea_engelmannii engelmann_spruce
Picea_glauca white_spruce
Picea_mariana black_spruce
spruce_pine black_spruce
Picea_obovata siberian_spruce
Picea_sitchensis sitka_spruce
Picea_orientalis oriental_spruce
Colorado_blue_spruce colorado_spruce
silver_spruce colorado_spruce
Picea_pungens colorado_spruce
eastern_spruce red_spruce
yellow_spruce red_spruce
Picea_rubens red_spruce
genus_Tsuga tsuga
hemlock_tree hemlock
Canadian_hemlock eastern_hemlock
spruce_pine eastern_hemlock
Tsuga_canadensis eastern_hemlock
Tsuga_caroliniana carolina_hemlock
black_hemlock mountain_hemlock
Tsuga_mertensiana mountain_hemlock
Pacific_hemlock western_hemlock
west_coast_hemlock western_hemlock
Tsuga_heterophylla western_hemlock
genus_Pseudotsuga pseudotsuga
douglas_spruce green_douglas_fir
douglas_pine green_douglas_fir
douglas_hemlock green_douglas_fir
Oregon_fir green_douglas_fir
Oregon_pine green_douglas_fir
Pseudotsuga_menziesii green_douglas_fir
big-cone_douglas_fir big-cone_spruce
Pseudotsuga_macrocarpa big-cone_spruce
family_Cupressaceae cupressaceae
cypress_family cupressaceae
cedar_tree cedar
genus_Cupressus cupressus
cypress_tree cypress
Cupressus_goveniana gowen_cypress
Cupressus_pigmaea pygmy_cypress
Cupressus_goveniana_pigmaea pygmy_cypress
Cupressus_abramsiana santa_cruz_cypress
Cupressus_goveniana_abramsiana santa_cruz_cypress
Cupressus_arizonica arizona_cypress
Cupressus_guadalupensis guadalupe_cypress
Cupressus_macrocarpa monterey_cypress
cedar_of_Goa mexican_cypress
Portuguese_cypress mexican_cypress
Cupressus_lusitanica mexican_cypress
Mediterranean_cypress italian_cypress
Cupressus_sempervirens italian_cypress
genus_Athrotaxis athrotaxis
Athrotaxis_selaginoides king_william_pine
genus_Austrocedrus austrocedrus
Austrocedrus_chilensis chilean_cedar
genus_Callitris callitris
Callitris_cupressiformis port_jackson_pine
red_cypress_pine black_cypress_pine
Callitris_endlicheri black_cypress_pine
Callitris_calcarata black_cypress_pine
Callitris_glaucophylla white_cypress_pine
Callitris_glauca white_cypress_pine
Callitris_parlatorei stringybark_pine
genus_Calocedrus calocedrus
red_cedar incense_cedar
Calocedrus_decurrens incense_cedar
Libocedrus_decurrens incense_cedar
genus_Chamaecyparis chamaecyparis
coast_white_cedar southern_white_cedar
Atlantic_white_cedar southern_white_cedar
white_cypress southern_white_cedar
white_cedar southern_white_cedar
Chamaecyparis_thyoides southern_white_cedar
Port_Orford_cedar oregon_cedar
Lawson's_cypress oregon_cedar
Lawson's_cedar oregon_cedar
Chamaecyparis_lawsoniana oregon_cedar
yellow_cedar yellow_cypress
Nootka_cypress yellow_cypress
Alaska_cedar yellow_cypress
Chamaecyparis_nootkatensis yellow_cypress
genus_Cryptomeria cryptomeria
Japan_cedar japanese_cedar
sugi japanese_cedar
Cryptomeria_japonica japanese_cedar
genus_Juniperus juniperus
pencil_cedar_tree pencil_cedar
red_cedar eastern_red_cedar
red_juniper eastern_red_cedar
Juniperus_virginiana eastern_red_cedar
Juniperus_bermudiana bermuda_cedar
Juniperus_procera east_african_cedar
Juniperus_silicicola southern_red_cedar
savin dwarf_juniper
Juniperus_sabina dwarf_juniper
Juniperus_communis common_juniper
dwarf_juniper ground_cedar
Juniperus_communis_depressa ground_cedar
Juniperus_horizontalis creeping_juniper
drooping_juniper mexican_juniper
Juniperus_flaccida mexican_juniper
genus_Libocedrus libocedrus
Libocedrus_plumosa kawaka
Libocedrus_bidwillii pahautea
mountain_pine pahautea
subfamily_Taxodiaceae taxodiaceae
redwood_family taxodiaceae
dawn_redwood metasequoia
Metasequoia_glyptostrodoides metasequoia
redwood sequoia
coast_redwood california_redwood
Sequoia_sempervirens california_redwood
genus_Sequoiadendron sequoiadendron
big_tree giant_sequoia
Sierra_redwood giant_sequoia
Sequoiadendron_giganteum giant_sequoia
Sequoia_gigantea giant_sequoia
Sequoia_Wellingtonia giant_sequoia
genus_Taxodium taxodium
swamp_cypress bald_cypress
pond_bald_cypress bald_cypress
southern_cypress bald_cypress
Taxodium_distichum bald_cypress
bald_cypress pond_cypress
Taxodium_ascendens pond_cypress
Mexican_swamp_cypress montezuma_cypress
Taxodium_mucronatum montezuma_cypress
Tule_tree ahuehuete
genus_Tetraclinis tetraclinis
sandarac_tree sandarac
Tetraclinis_articulata sandarac
Callitris_quadrivalvis sandarac
sandarach sandarac
citronwood sandarac
genus_Thuja thuja
red_cedar western_red_cedar
canoe_cedar western_red_cedar
Thuja_plicata western_red_cedar
northern_white_cedar american_arborvitae
white_cedar american_arborvitae
Thuja_occidentalis american_arborvitae
Thuja_orientalis oriental_arborvitae
Platycladus_orientalis oriental_arborvitae
genus_Thujopsis thujopsis
Thujopsis_dolobrata hiba_arborvitae
family_Araucariaceae araucariaceae
araucaria_family araucariaceae
chile_pine monkey_puzzle
Araucaria_araucana monkey_puzzle
Araucaria_heterophylla norfolk_island_pine
Araucaria_excelsa norfolk_island_pine
Araucaria_columnaris new_caledonian_pine
bunya_bunya_tree bunya_bunya
Araucaria_bidwillii bunya_bunya
Moreton_Bay_pine hoop_pine
Araucaria_cunninghamii hoop_pine
genus_Agathis agathis
dammar_pine kauri_pine
kaury kauri
Agathis_australis kauri
amboyna_pine amboina_pine
Agathis_dammara amboina_pine
Agathis_alba amboina_pine
queensland_kauri dundathu_pine
smooth_bark_kauri dundathu_pine
Agathis_robusta dundathu_pine
Agathis_lanceolata red_kauri
family_Cephalotaxaceae cephalotaxaceae
plum-yew_family cephalotaxaceae
genus_Cephalotaxus cephalotaxus
genus_Torreya torreya
nutmeg-yew california_nutmeg
Torreya_californica california_nutmeg
stinking_yew stinking_cedar
Torrey_tree stinking_cedar
Torreya_taxifolia stinking_cedar
family_Phyllocladaceae phyllocladaceae
genus_Phyllocladus phyllocladus
celery-topped_pine celery_top_pine
Phyllocladus_asplenifolius celery_top_pine
Phyllocladus_trichomanoides tanekaha
Phyllocladus_alpinus alpine_celery_pine
yellowwood_tree yellowwood
family_Podocarpaceae podocarpaceae
podocarpus_family podocarpaceae
genus_Podocarpus podocarpus
yacca_podocarp yacca
Podocarpus_coriaceus yacca
Rockingham_podocarp brown_pine
Podocarpus_elatus brown_pine
African_yellowwood cape_yellowwood
Podocarpus_elongatus cape_yellowwood
Podocarpus_latifolius south-african_yellowwood
Podocarpus_nivalis alpine_totara
Podocarpus_totara totara
genus_Afrocarpus afrocarpus
bastard_yellowwood common_yellowwood
Afrocarpus_falcata common_yellowwood
genus_Dacrycarpus dacrycarpus
New_Zealand_Dacryberry kahikatea
New_Zealand_white_pine kahikatea
Dacrycarpus_dacrydioides kahikatea
Podocarpus_dacrydioides kahikatea
genus_Dacrydium dacrydium
imou_pine rimu
red_pine rimu
Dacrydium_cupressinum rimu
tar-wood tarwood
Dacrydium_colensoi tarwood
genus_Falcatifolium falcatifolium
Falcatifolium_falciforme common_sickle_pine
Falcatifolium_taxoides yellow-leaf_sickle_pine
genus_Halocarpus halocarpus
tar-wood tarwood
New_Zealand_mountain_pine tarwood
Halocarpus_bidwilli tarwood
Dacrydium_bidwilli tarwood
genus_Lagarostrobus lagarostrobus
silver_pine westland_pine
Lagarostrobus_colensoi westland_pine
Lagarostrobus_franklinii huon_pine
Dacrydium_franklinii huon_pine
genus_Lepidothamnus lepidothamnus
Lepidothamnus_fonkii chilean_rimu
Lepidothamnus_laxifolius mountain_rimu
Dacridium_laxifolius mountain_rimu
genus_Microstrobos microstrobos
Microstrobos_niphophilus tasman_dwarf_pine
genus_Nageia nageia
Nageia_nagi nagi
genus_Parasitaxus parasitaxus
Parasitaxus_ustus parasite_yew
genus_Prumnopitys prumnopitys
black_pine miro
Prumnopitys_ferruginea miro
Podocarpus_ferruginea miro
black_pine matai
Prumnopitys_taxifolia matai
Podocarpus_spicata matai
Prumnopitys_andina plum-fruited_yew
Prumnopitys_elegans plum-fruited_yew
genus_Retrophyllum retrophyllum
Saxegothea saxe-gothea
genus_Saxe-gothea saxe-gothea
genus_Saxegothea saxe-gothea
Prince_Albert's_yew prince_albert_yew
Saxe-gothea_conspicua prince_albert_yew
genus_Sundacarpus sundacarpus
Prumnopitys_amara sundacarpus_amara
Podocarpus_amara sundacarpus_amara
family_Sciadopityaceae sciadopityaceae
genus_Sciadopitys sciadopitys
Sciadopitys_verticillata japanese_umbrella_pine
class_Taxopsida taxopsida
Taxophytina taxopsida
subdivision_Taxophytina taxopsida
order_Taxales taxales
family_Taxaceae taxaceae
yew_family taxaceae
genus_Taxus taxus
English_yew old_world_yew
Taxus_baccata old_world_yew
California_yew pacific_yew
western_yew pacific_yew
Taxus_brevifolia pacific_yew
Taxus_cuspidata japanese_yew
Taxus_floridana florida_yew
genus_Austrotaxus austrotaxus
Austrotaxus_spicata new_caledonian_yew
genus_Pseudotaxus pseudotaxus
Pseudotaxus_chienii white-berry_yew
class_Ginkgopsida ginkgopsida
Ginkgophytina ginkgopsida
class_Ginkgophytina ginkgopsida
subdivision_Ginkgophytina ginkgopsida
subdivision_Ginkgophyta ginkgopsida
order_Ginkgoales ginkgoales
family_Ginkgoaceae ginkgoaceae
ginkgo_family ginkgoaceae
gingko ginkgo
maidenhair_tree ginkgo
Ginkgo_biloba ginkgo
subdivision_Pteropsida pteropsida
class_Angiospermae angiospermae
Magnoliophyta angiospermae
division_Magnoliophyta angiospermae
Anthophyta angiospermae
division_Anthophyta angiospermae
flowering_plant angiosperm
class_Dicotyledones dicotyledones
Dicotyledonae dicotyledones
class_Dicotyledonae dicotyledones
Magnoliopsida dicotyledones
class_Magnoliopsida dicotyledones
dicotyledon dicot
magnoliopsid dicot
exogen dicot
subclass_Magnoliidae magnoliidae
ranalian_complex magnoliidae
class_Monocotyledones monocotyledones
Monocotyledonae monocotyledones
class_Monocotyledonae monocotyledones
Liliopsida monocotyledones
class_Liliopsida monocotyledones
monocotyledon monocot
liliopsid monocot
endogen monocot
subclass_Alismatidae alismatidae
subclass_Arecidae arecidae
subclass_Commelinidae commelinidae
bloom flower
blossom flower
floweret floret
wild_flower wildflower
ray_floret ray_flower
ament catkin
corn_stalk cornstalk
funiculus funicle
stomate stoma
pore stoma
ventral_placentation marginal_placentation
episperm testa
seed_coat testa
strobilus cone
strobile cone
honey_gland nectary
seed_vessel pericarp
exocarp epicarp
pit stone
endocarp stone
siliqua silique
seed_leaf cotyledon
monocarpic_plant monocarp
monocarpous_plant monocarp
macrosporangium megasporangium
macrospore megaspore
archesporium archespore
nicker_nut bonduc_nut
nicker_seed bonduc_nut
oil-rich_seed oilseed
floral_cup hypanthium
calyx_tube hypanthium
flower_petal petal
false_calyx epicalyx
calycle epicalyx
calyculus epicalyx
chlamys perianth
floral_envelope perianth
perigone perianth
perigonium perianth
order_Ranales ranales
Ranunculales ranales
order_Ranunculales ranales
family_Annonaceae annonaceae
custard-apple_family annonaceae
genus_Annona annona
custard_apple_tree custard_apple
cherimoya_tree cherimoya
Annona_cherimola cherimoya
ilama_tree ilama
Annona_diversifolia ilama
prickly_custard_apple soursop
soursop_tree soursop
Annona_muricata soursop
bullock's_heart_tree bullock's_heart
bullock_heart bullock's_heart
Annona_reticulata bullock's_heart
sweetsop_tree sweetsop
Annona_squamosa sweetsop
pond-apple_tree pond_apple
Annona_glabra pond_apple
genus_Asimina asimina
papaw pawpaw
papaw_tree pawpaw
Asimina_triloba pawpaw
genus_Cananga cananga
Canangium cananga
genus_Canangium cananga
ylang-ylang ilang-ilang
Cananga_odorata ilang-ilang
genus_Oxandra oxandra
lancewood_tree lancewood
Oxandra_lanceolata lancewood
genus_Xylopia xylopia
negro_pepper guinea_pepper
Xylopia_aethiopica guinea_pepper
family_Berberidaceae berberidaceae
barberry_family berberidaceae
genus_Berberis berberis
Berberis_canadensis american_barberry
European_barberry common_barberry
Berberis_vulgaris common_barberry
Berberis_thunbergii japanese_barberry
genus_Caulophyllum caulophyllum
blueberry_root blue_cohosh
papooseroot blue_cohosh
papoose_root blue_cohosh
squawroot blue_cohosh
squaw_root blue_cohosh
Caulophyllum_thalictrioides blue_cohosh
Caulophyllum_thalictroides blue_cohosh
genus_Epimedium epimedium
bishop's_hat barrenwort
Epimedium_grandiflorum barrenwort
genus_Mahonia mahonia
Oregon_holly_grape oregon_grape
hollygrape oregon_grape
mountain_grape oregon_grape
holly-leaves_barberry oregon_grape
Mahonia_aquifolium oregon_grape
Mahonia_nervosa oregon_grape
genus_Podophyllum podophyllum
May_apple mayapple
wild_mandrake mayapple
Podophyllum_peltatum mayapple
family_Calycanthaceae calycanthaceae
calycanthus_family calycanthaceae
strawberry-shrub_family calycanthaceae
genus_Calycanthus calycanthus
strawberry_shrub carolina_allspice
strawberry_bush carolina_allspice
sweet_shrub carolina_allspice
Calycanthus_floridus carolina_allspice
California_allspice spicebush
Calycanthus_occidentalis spicebush
genus_Chimonanthus chimonanthus
Japanese_allspice japan_allspice
winter_sweet japan_allspice
Chimonanthus_praecox japan_allspice
family_Ceratophyllaceae ceratophyllaceae
genus_Ceratophyllum ceratophyllum
family_Cercidiphyllaceae cercidiphyllaceae
genus_Cercidiphyllum cercidiphyllum
Cercidiphyllum_japonicum katsura_tree
family_Lardizabalaceae lardizabalaceae
lardizabala_family lardizabalaceae
genus_Lardizabala lardizabala
family_Lauraceae lauraceae
laurel_family lauraceae
genus_Laurus laurus
bay true_laurel
bay_laurel true_laurel
bay_tree true_laurel
Laurus_nobilis true_laurel
genus_Cinnamomum cinnamomum
Cinnamomum_camphora camphor_tree
Ceylon_cinnamon cinnamon
Ceylon_cinnamon_tree cinnamon
Cinnamomum_zeylanicum cinnamon
cinnamon_bark cinnamon
cassia-bark_tree cassia
Cinnamomum_cassia cassia
Chinese_cinnamon cassia_bark
Cinnamomum_loureirii saigon_cinnamon
genus_Lindera lindera
genus_Benzoin benzoin
spice_bush spicebush
American_spicebush spicebush
Benjamin_bush spicebush
Lindera_benzoin spicebush
Benzoin_odoriferum spicebush
genus_Persea persea
avocado_tree avocado
Persea_Americana avocado
red_bay laurel-tree
Persea_borbonia laurel-tree
sassafras_tree sassafras
Sassafras_albidum sassafras
genus_Umbellularia umbellularia
California_bay_tree california_laurel
Oregon_myrtle california_laurel
pepperwood california_laurel
spice_tree california_laurel
sassafras_laurel california_laurel
California_olive california_laurel
mountain_laurel california_laurel
Umbellularia_californica california_laurel
family_Magnoliaceae magnoliaceae
magnolia_family magnoliaceae
genus_Illicium illicium
Illicium_floridanum purple_anise
Illicium_anisatum star_anise
Chinese_anise star_anise
Illicium_verum star_anise
evergreen_magnolia southern_magnolia
large-flowering_magnolia southern_magnolia
bull_bay southern_magnolia
Magnolia_grandiflora southern_magnolia
umbrella_magnolia umbrella_tree
elkwood umbrella_tree
elk-wood umbrella_tree
Magnolia_tripetala umbrella_tree
Magnolia_fraseri earleaved_umbrella_tree
Magnolia_acuminata cucumber_tree
large-leaved_cucumber_tree large-leaved_magnolia
great-leaved_macrophylla large-leaved_magnolia
Magnolia_macrophylla large-leaved_magnolia
Chinese_magnolia saucer_magnolia
Magnolia_soulangiana saucer_magnolia
Magnolia_stellata star_magnolia
swamp_bay sweet_bay
swamp_laurel sweet_bay
Magnolia_virginiana sweet_bay
genus_Manglietia manglietia
genus_Liriodendron liriodendron
tulip_poplar tulip_tree
yellow_poplar tulip_tree
canary_whitewood tulip_tree
Liriodendron_tulipifera tulip_tree
true_tulipwood tulipwood
whitewood tulipwood
white_poplar tulipwood
yellow_poplar tulipwood
family_Menispermaceae menispermaceae
moonseed_family menispermaceae
genus_Menispermum menispermum
Canada_moonseed common_moonseed
yellow_parilla common_moonseed
Menispermum_canadense common_moonseed
genus_Cocculus cocculus
Cocculus_carolinus carolina_moonseed
family_Myristicaceae myristicaceae
nutmeg_family myristicaceae
genus_Myristica myristica
nutmeg_tree nutmeg
Myristica_fragrans nutmeg
family_Nymphaeaceae nymphaeaceae
water-lily_family nymphaeaceae
genus_Nymphaea nymphaea
fragrant_water_lily water_nymph
pond_lily water_nymph
Nymphaea_odorata water_nymph
Nymphaea_alba european_white_lily
white_lotus lotus
Egyptian_water_lily lotus
white_lily lotus
Nymphaea_lotus lotus
Nymphaea_caerulea blue_lotus
Nymphaea_stellata blue_lotus
genus_Nuphar nuphar
cow_lily spatterdock
yellow_pond_lily spatterdock
Nuphar_advena spatterdock
Nuphar_sagittifolium southern_spatterdock
Nuphar_lutea yellow_water_lily
subfamily_Nelumbonaceae nelumbonaceae
genus_Nelumbo nelumbo
Indian_lotus lotus
sacred_lotus lotus
Nelumbo_nucifera lotus
American_lotus water_chinquapin
yanquapin water_chinquapin
Nelumbo_lutea water_chinquapin
subfamily_Cabombaceae cabombaceae
water-shield_family cabombaceae
genus_Cabomba cabomba
fanwort water-shield
Cabomba_caroliniana water-shield
genus_Brasenia brasenia
Brasenia_schreberi water-shield
water-target water-shield
family_Paeoniaceae paeoniaceae
peony_family paeoniaceae
genus_Paeonia paeonia
paeony peony
family_Ranunculaceae ranunculaceae
buttercup_family ranunculaceae
crowfoot_family ranunculaceae
genus_Ranunculus ranunculus
butterflower buttercup
butter-flower buttercup
crowfoot buttercup
goldcup buttercup
kingcup buttercup
tall_buttercup meadow_buttercup
tall_crowfoot meadow_buttercup
tall_field_buttercup meadow_buttercup
Ranunculus_acris meadow_buttercup
water_buttercup water_crowfoot
Ranunculus_aquatilis water_crowfoot
Ranunculus_bulbosus common_buttercup
pilewort lesser_celandine
Ranunculus_ficaria lesser_celandine
Ranunculus_flammula lesser_spearwort
Ranunculus_glaberrimus sagebrush_buttercup
Ranunculus_lingua greater_spearwort
Mount_Cook_lily mountain_lily
Ranunculus_lyalii mountain_lily
Ranunculus_occidentalis western_buttercup
creeping_crowfoot creeping_buttercup
Ranunculus_repens creeping_buttercup
celery-leaved_buttercup cursed_crowfoot
Ranunculus_sceleratus cursed_crowfoot
genus_Aconitum aconitum
helmetflower monkshood
helmet_flower monkshood
Aconitum_napellus monkshood
wolfbane wolfsbane
wolf's_bane wolfsbane
Aconitum_lycoctonum wolfsbane
genus_Actaea actaea
cohosh baneberry
herb_Christopher baneberry
redberry red_baneberry
red-berry red_baneberry
snakeberry red_baneberry
Actaea_rubra red_baneberry
white_cohosh white_baneberry
white_bead white_baneberry
doll's_eyes white_baneberry
Actaea_alba white_baneberry
genus_Adonis adonis
Adonis_annua pheasant's-eye
windflower anemone
mountain_anemone alpine_anemone
Anemone_tetonensis alpine_anemone
Anemone_Canadensis canada_anemone
Anemone_cylindrica thimbleweed
Anemone_nemorosa wood_anemone
snowdrop wood_anemone
Anemone_quinquefolia wood_anemone
Anemone_riparia longheaded_thimbleweed
snowdrop_windflower snowdrop_anemone
Anemone_sylvestris snowdrop_anemone
Anemone_virginiana virginia_thimbleweed
genus_Anemonella anemonella
Anemonella_thalictroides rue_anemone
aquilegia columbine
aquilege columbine
honeysuckle meeting_house
Aquilegia_canadensis meeting_house
Aquilegia_caerulea blue_columbine
Aquilegia_scopulorum_calcarea blue_columbine
Aquilegia_vulgaris granny's_bonnets
genus_Caltha caltha
kingcup marsh_marigold
meadow_bright marsh_marigold
May_blob marsh_marigold
cowslip marsh_marigold
water_dragon marsh_marigold
Caltha_palustris marsh_marigold
genus_Cimicifuga cimicifuga
summer_cohosh american_bugbane
Cimicifuga_americana american_bugbane
black_snakeroot black_cohosh
rattle-top black_cohosh
Cimicifuga_racemosa black_cohosh
foetid_bugbane fetid_bugbane
Cimicifuga_foetida fetid_bugbane
Clematis_baldwinii pine_hyacinth
Viorna_baldwinii pine_hyacinth
blue_jessamine blue_jasmine
curly_clematis blue_jasmine
marsh_clematis blue_jasmine
Clematis_crispa blue_jasmine
Clematis_lasiantha pipestem_clematis
Clematis_ochreleuca curly-heads
Clematis_tangutica golden_clematis
Clematis_texensis scarlet_clematis
Clematis_versicolor leather_flower
vase-fine leather_flower
vase_vine leather_flower
Clematis_viorna leather_flower
old_man's_beard virgin's_bower
devil's_darning_needle virgin's_bower
Clematis_virginiana virgin's_bower
traveller's_joy traveler's_joy
old_man's_beard traveler's_joy
Clematis_vitalba traveler's_joy
purple_virgin's_bower purple_clematis
mountain_clematis purple_clematis
Clematis_verticillaris purple_clematis
genus_Coptis coptis
golden_thread goldthread
Coptis_groenlandica goldthread
Coptis_trifolia_groenlandica goldthread
genus_Consolida consolida
Consolida_ambigua rocket_larkspur
Delphinium_ajacis rocket_larkspur
genus_Eranthis eranthis
Eranthis_hyemalis winter_aconite
genus_Helleborus helleborus
bear's_foot stinking_hellebore
setterwort stinking_hellebore
Helleborus_foetidus stinking_hellebore
winter_rose christmas_rose
black_hellebore christmas_rose
Helleborus_niger christmas_rose
black_hellebore lenten_rose
Helleborus_orientalis lenten_rose
Helleborus_viridis green_hellebore
liverleaf hepatica
genus_Hydrastis hydrastis
golden_seal goldenseal
yellow_root goldenseal
turmeric_root goldenseal
Hydrastis_Canadensis goldenseal
genus_Isopyrum isopyrum
false_rue false_rue_anemone
Isopyrum_biternatum false_rue_anemone
genus_Laccopetalum laccopetalum
Laccopetalum_giganteum giant_buttercup
Nigella_damascena love-in-a-mist
Nigella_hispanica fennel_flower
nutmeg_flower black_caraway
Roman_coriander black_caraway
Nigella_sativa black_caraway
genus_Pulsatilla pulsatilla
pasque_flower pasqueflower
Eastern_pasque_flower american_pasqueflower
wild_crocus american_pasqueflower
lion's_beard american_pasqueflower
prairie_anemone american_pasqueflower
blue_tulip american_pasqueflower
American_pulsatilla american_pasqueflower
Pulsatilla_patens american_pasqueflower
Anemone_ludoviciana american_pasqueflower
Pulsatilla_occidentalis western_pasqueflower
Anemone_occidentalis western_pasqueflower
Pulsatilla_vulgaris european_pasqueflower
Anemone_pulsatilla european_pasqueflower
genus_Thalictrum thalictrum
genus_Trautvetteria trautvetteria
Trautvetteria_carolinensis false_bugbane
genus_Trollius trollius
globe_flower globeflower
family_Winteraceae winteraceae
winter's_bark_family winteraceae
genus_Drimys drimys
winter's_bark_tree winter's_bark
Drimys_winteri winter's_bark
genus_Pseudowintera pseudowintera
Wintera pseudowintera
genus_Wintera pseudowintera
Pseudowintera_colorata pepper_shrub
Wintera_colorata pepper_shrub
order_Myricales myricales
family_Myricaceae myricaceae
wax-myrtle_family myricaceae
genus_Myrica myrica
Scotch_gale sweet_gale
Myrica_gale sweet_gale
puckerbush bay_myrtle
Myrica_cerifera bay_myrtle
candleberry bayberry
swamp_candleberry bayberry
waxberry bayberry
Myrica_pensylvanica bayberry
bayberry_tallow bayberry_wax
genus_Comptonia comptonia
Comptonia_peregrina sweet_fern
Comptonia_asplenifolia sweet_fern
family_Leitneriaceae leitneriaceae
corkwood_family leitneriaceae
genus_Leitneria leitneria
corkwood_tree corkwood
Leitneria_floridana corkwood
family_Juncaceae juncaceae
rush_family juncaceae
genus_Juncus juncus
bullrush bulrush
common_rush bulrush
soft_rush bulrush
Juncus_effusus bulrush
Juncus_articulatus jointed_rush
Juncus_bufonius toad_rush
Juncus_inflexus hard_rush
Juncus_leseurii salt_rush
Juncus_tenuis slender_rush
zebrawood_tree zebrawood
family_Connaraceae connaraceae
zebrawood_family connaraceae
genus_Connarus connarus
family_Leguminosae leguminosae
Fabaceae leguminosae
family_Fabaceae leguminosae
legume_family leguminosae
pea_family leguminosae
leguminous_plant legume
genus_Arachis arachis
peanut_vine peanut
Arachis_hypogaea peanut
genus_Brya brya
granadillo granadilla_tree
Brya_ebenus granadilla_tree
cocoswood cocuswood
granadilla_wood cocuswood
genus_Centrolobium centrolobium
Centrolobium_robustum arariba
genus_Coumarouna coumarouna
Dipteryx coumarouna
genus_Dipteryx coumarouna
tonka_bean_tree tonka_bean
Coumarouna_odorata tonka_bean
Dipteryx_odorata tonka_bean
coumara_nut tonka_bean
genus_Hymenaea hymenaea
Hymenaea_courbaril courbaril
melilot melilotus
sweet_clover melilotus
white_melilot white_sweet_clover
Melilotus_alba white_sweet_clover
Melilotus_officinalis yellow_sweet_clover
genus_Swainsona swainsona
poison_bush darling_pea
Swainsona_galegifolia smooth_darling_pea
Swainsona_greyana hairy_darling_pea
Swainsona_grandiflora hairy_darling_pea
genus_Trifolium trifolium
trefoil clover
Trifolium_alpinum alpine_clover
shamrock hop_clover
lesser_yellow_trefoil hop_clover
Trifolium_dubium hop_clover
Italian_clover crimson_clover
Trifolium_incarnatum crimson_clover
purple_clover red_clover
Trifolium_pratense red_clover
Trifolium_reflexum buffalo_clover
Trifolium_stoloniferum buffalo_clover
dutch_clover white_clover
shamrock white_clover
Trifolium_repens white_clover
family_Mimosaceae mimosaceae
subfamily_Mimosoideae mimosoideae
Mimosa_sensitiva sensitive_plant
touch-me-not sensitive_plant
shame_plant sensitive_plant
live-and-die sensitive_plant
humble_plant sensitive_plant
action_plant sensitive_plant
Mimosa_pudica sensitive_plant
shittah_tree shittah
Acacia_auriculiformis black_wattle
stinking_wattle gidgee
Acacia_cambegei gidgee
Jerusalem_thorn catechu
Acacia_catechu catechu
catechu black_catechu
mimosa silver_wattle
Acacia_dealbata silver_wattle
cassie huisache
mimosa_bush huisache
sweet_wattle huisache
sweet_acacia huisache
scented_wattle huisache
flame_tree huisache
Acacia_farnesiana huisache
Acacia_melanoxylon lightwood
Acacia_pycnantha golden_wattle
Acacia_xanthophloea fever_tree
genus_Adenanthera adenanthera
coral-wood coralwood
red_sandalwood coralwood
Barbados_pride coralwood
peacock_flower_fence coralwood
Adenanthera_pavonina coralwood
genus_Albizzia genus_albizia
albizia albizzia
Albizia_julibrissin silk_tree
Albizzia_julibrissin silk_tree
siris_tree siris
Albizia_lebbeck siris
Albizzia_lebbeck siris
saman rain_tree
monkeypod rain_tree
monkey_pod rain_tree
zaman rain_tree
zamang rain_tree
Albizia_saman rain_tree
genus_Anadenanthera anadenanthera
Piptadenia_macrocarpa anadenanthera_colubrina
genus_Enterolobium enterolobium
elephant's_ear conacaste
Enterolobium_cyclocarpa conacaste
Inga_edulis ice-cream_bean
Inga_laurina guama
genus_Leucaena leucaena
white_popinac lead_tree
Leucaena_glauca lead_tree
Leucaena_leucocephala lead_tree
genus_Lysiloma lysiloma
Lysiloma_latisiliqua wild_tamarind
Lysiloma_bahamensis wild_tamarind
Lysiloma_sabicu sabicu
sabicu_wood sabicu
genus_Parkia parkia
genus_Piptadenia piptadenia
genus_Pithecellobium pithecellobium
Pithecolobium pithecellobium
genus_Pithecolobium pithecellobium
camachile manila_tamarind
huamachil manila_tamarind
wild_tamarind manila_tamarind
Pithecellobium_dulce manila_tamarind
catclaw cat's-claw
black_bead cat's-claw
Pithecellodium_unguis-cati cat's-claw
genus_Prosopis prosopis
mesquit mesquite
Western_honey_mesquite honey_mesquite
Prosopis_glandulosa honey_mesquite
Prosopis_juliflora algarroba
Prosopis_juliiflora algarroba
algarrobilla algarroba
algarobilla algarroba
screwbean screw_bean
tornillo screw_bean
screwbean_mesquite screw_bean
Prosopis_pubescens screw_bean
family_Apocynaceae apocynaceae
dogbane_family apocynaceae
genus_Apocynum apocynum
spreading_dogbane common_dogbane
rheumatism_weed common_dogbane
Apocynum_androsaemifolium common_dogbane
rheumatism_weed indian_hemp
Apocynum_cannabinum indian_hemp
Apocynum_pumilum rocky_mountain_dogbane
genus_Acocanthera acocanthera
Acokanthera acocanthera
genus_Acokanthera acocanthera
poison_arrow_plant winter_sweet
Acocanthera_oblongifolia winter_sweet
Acocanthera_spectabilis winter_sweet
ordeal_tree bushman's_poison
Acocanthera_oppositifolia bushman's_poison
Acocanthera_venenata bushman's_poison
genus_Adenium adenium
mock_azalia impala_lily
desert_rose impala_lily
kudu_lily impala_lily
Adenium_obesum impala_lily
Adenium_multiflorum impala_lily
golden_trumpet common_allamanda
Allamanda_cathartica common_allamanda
genus_Alstonia alstonia
dita_bark dita
devil_tree dita
Alstonia_scholaris dita
genus_Amsonia amsonia
Amsonia_tabernaemontana blue_star
genus_Beaumontia beaumontia
Easter_lily_vine nepal_trumpet_flower
Beaumontia_grandiflora nepal_trumpet_flower
natal_plum hedge_thorn
Carissa_bispinosa hedge_thorn
amatungulu natal_plum
Carissa_macrocarpa natal_plum
Carissa_grandiflora natal_plum
genus_Catharanthus catharanthus
rose_periwinkle periwinkle
Madagascar_periwinkle periwinkle
old_maid periwinkle
Cape_periwinkle periwinkle
red_periwinkle periwinkle
cayenne_jasmine periwinkle
Catharanthus_roseus periwinkle
Vinca_rosea periwinkle
genus_Holarrhena holarrhena
conessi ivory_tree
kurchi ivory_tree
kurchee ivory_tree
Holarrhena_pubescens ivory_tree
Holarrhena_antidysenterica ivory_tree
genus_Mandevilla mandevilla
Dipladenia mandevilla
genus_Dipladenia mandevilla
Mandevilla_boliviensis white_dipladenia
Dipladenia_boliviensis white_dipladenia
Mandevilla_laxa chilean_jasmine
genus_Nerium nerium
rose_bay oleander
Nerium_oleander oleander
genus_Plumeria plumeria
Plumiera plumeria
frangipanni frangipani
temple_tree pagoda_tree
Plumeria_acutifolia pagoda_tree
pagoda_tree west_indian_jasmine
Plumeria_alba west_indian_jasmine
genus_Rauvolfia genus_rauwolfia
rauvolfia rauwolfia
Rauwolfia_serpentina snakewood
genus_Tabernaemontana tabernaemontana
crepe_jasmine crape_jasmine
crepe_gardenia crape_jasmine
pinwheel_flower crape_jasmine
East_Indian_rosebay crape_jasmine
Adam's_apple crape_jasmine
Nero's_crown crape_jasmine
coffee_rose crape_jasmine
Tabernaemontana_divaricate crape_jasmine
genus_Thevetia thevetia
Thevetia_peruviana yellow_oleander
Thevetia_neriifolia yellow_oleander
genus_Trachelospermum trachelospermum
confederate_jasmine star_jasmine
Trachelospermum_jasminoides star_jasmine
genus_Vinca vinca
Vinca_minor myrtle
Vinca_major large_periwinkle
order_Arales arales
family_Araceae araceae
arum_family araceae
aroid arum
lords-and-ladies cuckoopint
jack-in-the-pulpit cuckoopint
Arum_maculatum cuckoopint
Arum_palaestinum black_calla
genus_Acorus acorus
subfamily_Acoraceae acoraceae
calamus sweet_flag
sweet_calamus sweet_flag
myrtle_flag sweet_flag
flagroot sweet_flag
Acorus_calamus sweet_flag
genus_Aglaonema aglaonema
Japanese_leaf chinese_evergreen
Aglaonema_modestum chinese_evergreen
elephant's_ear alocasia
elephant_ear alocasia
Alocasia_macrorrhiza giant_taro
telingo_potato pungapung
elephant_yam pungapung
Amorphophallus_paeonifolius pungapung
Amorphophallus_campanulatus pungapung
snake_palm devil's_tongue
umbrella_arum devil's_tongue
Amorphophallus_rivieri devil's_tongue
titan_arum krubi
Amorphophallus_titanum krubi
tailflower anthurium
tail-flower anthurium
flamingo_plant flamingo_flower
Anthurium_andraeanum flamingo_flower
Anthurium_scherzerianum flamingo_flower
genus_Arisaema arisaema
Indian_turnip jack-in-the-pulpit
wake-robin jack-in-the-pulpit
Arisaema_triphyllum jack-in-the-pulpit
Arisaema_atrorubens jack-in-the-pulpit
Arisaema_dracontium green_dragon
genus_Arisarum arisarum
Arisarum_vulgare friar's-cowl
genus_Calla calla
water_arum wild_calla
Calla_palustris wild_calla
genus_Colocasia colocasia
taro_plant taro
dalo taro
dasheen taro
Colocasia_esculenta taro
cocoyam taro
dasheen taro
eddo taro
water_trumpet cryptocoryne
genus_Dieffenbachia dieffenbachia
mother-in-law_plant dumb_cane
mother-in-law's_tongue dumb_cane
Dieffenbachia_sequine dumb_cane
genus_Dracunculus dracunculus
green_dragon dragon_arum
Dracunculus_vulgaris dragon_arum
genus_Epipremnum epipremnum
pothos golden_pothos
ivy_arum golden_pothos
Epipremnum_aureum golden_pothos
Scindapsus_aureus golden_pothos
genus_Lysichiton lysichiton
Lysichitum lysichiton
genus_Lysichitum lysichiton
Lysichiton_americanum skunk_cabbage
Monstera_deliciosa ceriman
genus_Orontium orontium
Orontium_aquaticum golden_club
genus_Peltandra peltandra
tuckahoe green_arrow_arum
Peltandra_virginica green_arrow_arum
water_lettuce pistia
water_cabbage pistia
Pistia_stratiotes pistia
Pistia_stratoites pistia
genus_Scindapsus scindapsus
genus_Pothos scindapsus
peace_lily spathiphyllum
spathe_flower spathiphyllum
genus_Symplocarpus symplocarpus
polecat_weed skunk_cabbage
foetid_pothos skunk_cabbage
Symplocarpus_foetidus skunk_cabbage
genus_Syngonium syngonium
genus_Xanthosoma xanthosoma
tannia yautia
spoonflower yautia
malanga yautia
Xanthosoma_sagittifolium yautia
Xanthosoma_atrovirens yautia
genus_Zantedeschia zantedeschia
calla calla_lily
arum_lily calla_lily
Zantedeschia_aethiopica calla_lily
Zantedeschia_rehmanii pink_calla
family_Lemnaceae lemnaceae
duckweed_family lemnaceae
genus_Lemna lemna
lesser_duckweed common_duckweed
Lemna_minor common_duckweed
Lemna_trisulca star-duckweed
genus_Spirodela spirodela
water_flaxseed great_duckweed
Spirodela_polyrrhiza great_duckweed
genus_Wolffia wolffia
Wolffia_columbiana common_wolffia
genus_Wolffiella wolffiella
bogmat mud_midget
Wolffiella_gladiata mud_midget
family_Araliaceae araliaceae
ivy_family araliaceae
devil's_walking_stick american_angelica_tree
Hercules'-club american_angelica_tree
Aralia_spinosa american_angelica_tree
false_sarsaparilla wild_sarsaparilla
wild_sarsparilla wild_sarsaparilla
Aralia_nudicaulis wild_sarsaparilla
petty_morel american_spikenard
life-of-man american_spikenard
Aralia_racemosa american_spikenard
bristly_sarsparilla bristly_sarsaparilla
dwarf_elder bristly_sarsaparilla
Aralia_hispida bristly_sarsaparilla
Aralia_elata japanese_angelica_tree
Chinese_angelica_tree chinese_angelica
Aralia_stipulata chinese_angelica
genus_Hedera hedera
common_ivy ivy
English_ivy ivy
Hedera_helix ivy
genus_Meryta meryta
Meryta_sinclairii puka
genus_Panax panax
nin-sin ginseng
Panax_ginseng ginseng
Panax_schinseng ginseng
Panax_pseudoginseng ginseng
sang american_ginseng
Panax_quinquefolius american_ginseng
genus_Schefflera schefflera
Schefflera_actinophylla umbrella_tree
Brassaia_actinophylla umbrella_tree
order_Aristolochiales aristolochiales
family_Aristolochiaceae aristolochiaceae
birthwort_family aristolochiaceae
genus_Aristolochia aristolochia
Aristolochia_clematitis birthwort
pipe_vine dutchman's-pipe
Aristolochia_macrophylla dutchman's-pipe
Aristolochia_durior dutchman's-pipe
Virginia_serpentaria virginia_snakeroot
Virginia_serpentary virginia_snakeroot
Aristolochia_serpentaria virginia_snakeroot
genus_Asarum asarum
black_snakeroot canada_ginger
Asarum_canadense canada_ginger
heart-leaf heartleaf
Asarum_virginicum heartleaf
heart-leaf heartleaf
Asarum_shuttleworthii heartleaf
Asarum_europaeum asarabacca
family_Rafflesiaceae rafflesiaceae
family_Hydnoraceae hydnoraceae
subclass_Caryophyllidae caryophyllidae
order_Caryophyllales caryophyllales
Chenopodiales caryophyllales
order-Chenopodiales caryophyllales
group_Centrospermae centrospermae
family_Caryophyllaceae caryophyllaceae
carnation_family caryophyllaceae
pink_family caryophyllaceae
genus_Agrostemma agrostemma
corn_campion corn_cockle
crown-of-the-field corn_cockle
Agrostemma_githago corn_cockle
genus_Arenaria arenaria
mountain_starwort mountain_sandwort
mountain_daisy mountain_sandwort
Arenaria_groenlandica mountain_sandwort
longroot pine-barren_sandwort
Arenaria_caroliniana pine-barren_sandwort
Arenaria_peploides seabeach_sandwort
Arenaria_stricta rock_sandwort
Arenaria_serpyllifolia thyme-leaved_sandwort
genus_Cerastium cerastium
mouse_eared_chickweed mouse-ear_chickweed
mouse_ear mouse-ear_chickweed
clammy_chickweed mouse-ear_chickweed
chickweed mouse-ear_chickweed
field_mouse-ear field_chickweed
Cerastium_arvense field_chickweed
love-in-a-mist snow-in-summer
Cerastium_tomentosum snow-in-summer
Arctic_mouse-ear alpine_mouse-ear
Cerastium_alpinum alpine_mouse-ear
genus_Dianthus dianthus
garden_pink pink
Dianthus_barbatus sweet_william
clove_pink carnation
gillyflower carnation
Dianthus_caryophyllus carnation
rainbow_pink china_pink
Dianthus_chinensis china_pink
Dianthus_chinensis_heddewigii japanese_pink
Dianthus_deltoides maiden_pink
Diangus_gratianopolitanus cheddar_pink
Dianthus_latifolius button_pink
grass_pink cottage_pink
Dianthus_plumarius cottage_pink
Dianthus_supurbus fringed_pink
genus_Gypsophila gypsophila
babies'-breath baby's_breath
Gypsophila_paniculata baby's_breath
genus_Hernaria hernaria
Hernaria_glabra rupturewort
genus_Illecebrum illecebrum
Illecebrum_verticullatum coral_necklace
catchfly lychnis
cuckoo_flower ragged_robin
Lychnis_flos-cuculi ragged_robin
Lychins_floscuculi ragged_robin
maltese_cross scarlet_lychnis
Lychins_chalcedonica scarlet_lychnis
rose_campion mullein_pink
gardener's_delight mullein_pink
dusty_miller mullein_pink
Lychnis_coronaria mullein_pink
genus_Minuartia minuartia
genus_Moehringia moehringia
Moehringia_lateriflora sandwort
Moehringia_mucosa sandwort
genus_Paronychia paronychia
genus_Petrocoptis petrocoptis
genus_Sagina sagina
pearlweed pearlwort
pearl-weed pearlwort
genus_Saponaria saponaria
hedge_pink soapwort
bouncing_Bet soapwort
bouncing_Bess soapwort
Saponaria_officinalis soapwort
genus_Scleranthus scleranthus
knawe knawel
Scleranthus_annuus knawel
campion silene
catchfly silene
Silene_acaulis moss_campion
Silene_caroliniana wild_pink
red_bird's_eye red_campion
Silene_dioica red_campion
Lychnis_dioica red_campion
evening_lychnis white_campion
white_cockle white_campion
bladder_campion white_campion
Silene_latifolia white_campion
Lychnis_alba white_campion
Silene_virginica fire_pink
Silene_uniflora bladder_campion
Silene_vulgaris bladder_campion
genus_Spergula spergula
corn_spurrey corn_spurry
Spergula_arvensis corn_spurry
genus_Spergularia spergularia
sea_spurry sand_spurry
Spergularia_rubra sand_spurry
genus_Stellaria stellaria
Stellaria_media common_chickweed
greater_stitchwort stitchwort
starwort stitchwort
Stellaria_holostea stitchwort
genus_Vaccaria vaccaria
cow_cockle cowherb
Vaccaria_hispanica cowherb
Vaccaria_pyramidata cowherb
Saponaria_vaccaria cowherb
family_Aizoaceae aizoaceae
Tetragoniaceae aizoaceae
family_Tetragoniaceae aizoaceae
carpetweed_family aizoaceae
genus_Carpobrotus carpobrotus
Hottentot's_fig hottentot_fig
sour_fig hottentot_fig
Carpobrotus_edulis hottentot_fig
Mesembryanthemum_edule hottentot_fig
genus_Dorotheanthus dorotheanthus
Dorotheanthus_bellidiformis livingstone_daisy
living_stone lithops
stoneface lithops
stone-face lithops
stone_plant lithops
stone_life_face lithops
flowering_stone lithops
genus_Mesembryanthemum mesembryanthemum
pebble_plant fig_marigold
icicle_plant ice_plant
Mesembryanthemum_crystallinum ice_plant
genus_Molluga molluga
Indian_chickweed carpetweed
Molluga_verticillata carpetweed
genus_Pleiospilos pleiospilos
living_rock living_granite
stone_mimicry_plant living_granite
genus_Tetragonia tetragonia
Tetragonia_tetragonioides new_zealand_spinach
Tetragonia_expansa new_zealand_spinach
family_Amaranthaceae amaranthaceae
amaranth_family amaranthaceae
genus_Amaranthus amaranthus
Amaranthus_albus tumbleweed
Amaranthus_graecizans tumbleweed
velvet_flower love-lies-bleeding
tassel_flower love-lies-bleeding
Amaranthus_caudatus love-lies-bleeding
gentleman's-cane prince's-feather
prince's-plume prince's-feather
red_amaranth prince's-feather
purple_amaranth prince's-feather
Amaranthus_cruentus prince's-feather
Amaranthus_hybridus_hypochondriacus prince's-feather
Amaranthus_hybridus_erythrostachys prince's-feather
Amaranthus_hypochondriacus pigweed
Amaranthus_spinosus thorny_amaranth
genus_Alternanthera alternanthera
alligator_grass alligator_weed
Alternanthera_philoxeroides alligator_weed
genus_Celosia celosia
Celosia_argentea red_fox
common_cockscomb cockscomb
Celosia_cristata cockscomb
Celosia_argentea_cristata cockscomb
genus_Froelichia froelichia
genus_Gomphrena gomphrena
bachelor's_button globe_amaranth
Gomphrena_globosa globe_amaranth
genus_Iresine iresine
beef_plant beefsteak_plant
Iresine_herbstii beefsteak_plant
Iresine_reticulata beefsteak_plant
genus_Telanthera telanthera
family_Batidaceae batidaceae
saltwort_family batidaceae
genus_Batis batis
Batis_maritima saltwort
family_Chenopodiaceae chenopodiaceae
goosefoot_family chenopodiaceae
genus_Chenopodium chenopodium
pigweed lamb's-quarters
wild_spinach lamb's-quarters
Chenopodium_album lamb's-quarters
Mexican_tea american_wormseed
Spanish_tea american_wormseed
wormseed american_wormseed
Chenopodium_ambrosioides american_wormseed
allgood good-king-henry
fat_hen good-king-henry
wild_spinach good-king-henry
Chenopodium_bonus-henricus good-king-henry
feather_geranium jerusalem_oak
Mexican_tea jerusalem_oak
Chenopodium_botrys jerusalem_oak
Atriplex_mexicana jerusalem_oak
strawberry_pigweed strawberry_blite
Indian_paint strawberry_blite
Chenopodium_capitatum strawberry_blite
oakleaf_goosefoot oak-leaved_goosefoot
Chenopodium_glaucum oak-leaved_goosefoot
red_goosefoot sowbane
Chenopodium_hybridum sowbane
nettleleaf_goosefoot nettle-leaved_goosefoot
Chenopodium_murale nettle-leaved_goosefoot
French_spinach red_goosefoot
Chenopodium_rubrum red_goosefoot
Chenopodium_vulvaria stinking_goosefoot
genus_Atriplex atriplex
orache orach
mountain_spinach garden_orache
Atriplex_hortensis garden_orache
Atriplex_hymenelytra desert_holly
quail_brush quail_bush
white_thistle quail_bush
Atriplex_lentiformis quail_bush
genus_Bassia bassia
Kochia bassia
genus_Kochia bassia
burning_bush summer_cypress
fire_bush summer_cypress
fire-bush summer_cypress
belvedere summer_cypress
Bassia_scoparia summer_cypress
Kochia_scoparia summer_cypress
genus_Beta beta
common_beet beet
Beta_vulgaris beet
Beta_vulgaris_rubra beetroot
Swiss_chard chard
spinach_beet chard
leaf_beet chard
chard_plant chard
Beta_vulgaris_cicla chard
mangold-wurzel mangel-wurzel
mangold mangel-wurzel
Beta_vulgaris_vulgaris mangel-wurzel
genus_Cycloloma cycloloma
tumbleweed winged_pigweed
Cycloloma_atriplicifolium winged_pigweed
Halogeton_glomeratus halogeton
Halogeton_souda barilla
genus_Salicornia salicornia
samphire glasswort
Salicornia_europaea glasswort
genus_Salsola salsola
barilla saltwort
glasswort saltwort
kali saltwort
kelpwort saltwort
Salsola_kali saltwort
Salsola_soda saltwort
Russian_tumbleweed russian_thistle
Russian_cactus russian_thistle
tumbleweed russian_thistle
Salsola_kali_tenuifolia russian_thistle
genus_Sarcobatus sarcobatus
black_greasewood greasewood
Sarcobatus_vermiculatus greasewood
genus_Spinacia spinacia
spinach_plant spinach
prickly-seeded_spinach spinach
Spinacia_oleracea spinach
family_Nyctaginaceae nyctaginaceae
Allioniaceae nyctaginaceae
family_Allioniaceae nyctaginaceae
four-o'clock_family nyctaginaceae
genus_Nyctaginia nyctaginia
Nyctaginia_capitata scarlet_musk_flower
genus_Abronia abronia
sweet_sand_verbena snowball
Abronia_elliptica snowball
Abronia_fragrans sweet_sand_verbena
Abronia_latifolia yellow_sand_verbena
Abronia_maritima beach_pancake
pink_sand_verbena beach_sand_verbena
Abronia_umbellata beach_sand_verbena
Abronia_villosa desert_sand_verbena
genus_Allionia allionia
trailing_windmills trailing_four_o'clock
Allionia_incarnata trailing_four_o'clock
Bougainvillaea genus_bougainvillea
genus_Bougainvillaea genus_bougainvillea
Bougainvillea_glabra paper_flower
genus_Mirabilis mirabilis
marvel-of-Peru common_four-o'clock
Mirabilis_jalapa common_four-o'clock
Mirabilis_uniflora common_four-o'clock
Mirabilis_laevis california_four_o'clock
Mirabilis_californica california_four_o'clock
maravilla sweet_four_o'clock
Mirabilis_longiflora sweet_four_o'clock
Colorado_four_o'clock desert_four_o'clock
maravilla desert_four_o'clock
Mirabilis_multiflora desert_four_o'clock
Mirabilis_oblongifolia mountain_four_o'clock
genus_Pisonia pisonia
Pisonia_aculeata cockspur
order_Opuntiales opuntiales
family_Cactaceae cactaceae
cactus_family cactaceae
genus_Acanthocereus acanthocereus
pitahaya pitahaya_cactus
Acanthocereus_tetragonus pitahaya_cactus
Acanthocereus_pentagonus pitahaya_cactus
genus_Aporocactus aporocactus
rat's-tail_cactus rattail_cactus
Aporocactus_flagelliformis rattail_cactus
genus_Ariocarpus ariocarpus
Ariocarpus_fissuratus living_rock
genus_Carnegiea carnegiea
sahuaro saguaro
Carnegiea_gigantea saguaro
genus_Cereus cereus
barrel_cactus echinocactus
Echinocactus_grusonii golden_barrel_cactus
genus_Echinocereus echinocereus
orchid_cactus epiphyllum
genus_Ferocactus ferocactus
genus_Gymnocalycium gymnocalycium
genus_Harrisia harrisia
genus_Hatiora hatiora
Hatiora_gaertneri easter_cactus
Schlumbergera_gaertneri easter_cactus
genus_Hylocereus hylocereus
genus_Lemaireocereus lemaireocereus
Lemaireocereus_chichipe chichipe
genus_Lophophora lophophora
mezcal mescal
peyote mescal
Lophophora_williamsii mescal
sacred_mushroom mescal_button
magic_mushroom mescal_button
Mammillaria_plumosa feather_ball
genus_Melocactus melocactus
genus_Myrtillocactus myrtillocactus
garambulla_cactus garambulla
Myrtillocactus_geometrizans garambulla
genus_Pediocactus pediocactus
Pediocactus_knowltonii knowlton's_cactus
genus_Nopalea nopalea
genus_Opuntia opuntia
prickly_pear_cactus prickly_pear
Opuntia_cholla cholla
Opuntia_lindheimeri nopal
Opuntia_tuna tuna
genus_Pereskia pereskia
Peireskia pereskia
genus_Peireskia pereskia
Barbados-gooseberry_vine barbados_gooseberry
Pereskia_aculeata barbados_gooseberry
genus_Rhipsalis rhipsalis
genus_Schlumbergera schlumbergera
Schlumbergera_buckleyi christmas_cactus
Schlumbergera_baridgesii christmas_cactus
genus_Selenicereus selenicereus
Selenicereus_grandiflorus queen_of_the_night
genus_Zygocactus zygocactus
Thanksgiving_cactus crab_cactus
Zygocactus_truncatus crab_cactus
Schlumbergera_truncatus crab_cactus
family_Phytolaccaceae phytolaccaceae
pokeweed_family phytolaccaceae
genus_Phytolacca phytolacca
Phytolacca_acinosa indian_poke
pigeon_berry poke
garget poke
scoke poke
Phytolacca_americana poke
bella_sombra ombu
Phytolacca_dioica ombu
genus_Agdestis agdestis
genus_Ercilla ercilla
genus_Rivina rivina
blood_berry bloodberry
rougeberry bloodberry
rouge_plant bloodberry
Rivina_humilis bloodberry
genus_Trichostigma trichostigma
family_Portulacaceae portulacaceae
purslane_family portulacaceae
sun_plant rose_moss
Portulaca_grandiflora rose_moss
pussley common_purslane
pussly common_purslane
verdolagas common_purslane
Portulaca_oleracea common_purslane
genus_Calandrinia calandrinia
redmaids red_maids
Calandrinia_ciliata red_maids
genus_Claytonia claytonia
Claytonia_caroliniana carolina_spring_beauty
Clatonia_lanceolata spring_beauty
Claytonia_virginica virginia_spring_beauty
genus_Lewisia lewisia
Lewisia_cotyledon siskiyou_lewisia
Lewisia_rediviva bitterroot
genus_Montia montia
Montia_cordifolia broad-leaved_montia
blinking_chickweed blinks
water_chickweed blinks
Montia_lamprosperma blinks
Montia_chamissoi toad_lily
miner's_lettuce winter_purslane
Cuban_spinach winter_purslane
Montia_perfoliata winter_purslane
genus_Spraguea spraguea
pussy-paws pussy-paw
pussy's-paw pussy-paw
Spraguea_umbellatum pussy-paw
Calyptridium_umbellatum pussy-paw
genus_Talinum talinum
flame-flower flame_flower
flameflower flame_flower
Talinum_aurantiacum flame_flower
Talinum_augustissimum narrow-leaved_flame_flower
Talinum_brevifolium pigmy_talinum
Talinum_calycinum rock_pink
Talinum_paniculatum jewels-of-opar
Talinum_spinescens spiny_talinum
order_Rhoeadales rhoeadales
Papaverales rhoeadales
order_Papaverales rhoeadales
family_Capparidaceae capparidaceae
caper_family capparidaceae
genus_Capparis capparis
Capparis_arborea native_pomegranate
Jamaica_caper_tree caper_tree
Capparis_cynophallophora caper_tree
bay-leaved_caper caper_tree
Capparis_flexuosa caper_tree
Capparis_mitchellii native_orange
Capparis_spinosa common_caper
Cleome genus_cleome
cleome spiderflower
spider_plant spider_flower
Cleome_hassleriana spider_flower
stinking_clover rocky_mountain_bee_plant
Cleome_serrulata rocky_mountain_bee_plant
genus_Crateva crateva
genus_Polanisia polanisia
Polanisia_graveolens clammyweed
Polanisia_dodecandra clammyweed
family_Cruciferae cruciferae
Brassicaceae cruciferae
family_Brassicaceae cruciferae
mustard_family cruciferae
cruciferous_plant crucifer
cress_plant cress
genus_Aethionema aethionema
stone_cress stonecress
genus_Alliaria alliaria
hedge_garlic garlic_mustard
sauce-alone garlic_mustard
jack-by-the-hedge garlic_mustard
Alliaria_officinalis garlic_mustard
genus_Alyssum alyssum
madwort alyssum
genus_Anastatica anastatica
resurrection_plant rose_of_jericho
Anastatica_hierochuntica rose_of_jericho
genus_Arabidopsis arabidopsis
mouse-ear_cress arabidopsis_thaliana
genus_Arabis arabis
rockcress rock_cress
Arabis_Canadensis sicklepod
tower_mustard tower_cress
Arabis_turrita tower_cress
tower_cress tower_mustard
Turritis_glabra tower_mustard
Arabis_glabra tower_mustard
genus_Armoracia armoracia
horse_radish horseradish
red_cole horseradish
Armoracia_rusticana horseradish
horseradish_root horseradish
genus_Barbarea barbarea
St._Barbara's_herb winter_cress
scurvy_grass winter_cress
early_winter_cress belle_isle_cress
land_cress belle_isle_cress
American_cress belle_isle_cress
American_watercress belle_isle_cress
Barbarea_verna belle_isle_cress
Barbarea_praecox belle_isle_cress
rockcress yellow_rocket
rocket_cress yellow_rocket
Barbarea_vulgaris yellow_rocket
Sisymbrium_barbarea yellow_rocket
genus_Berteroa berteroa
hoary_alyssum hoary_alison
Berteroa_incana hoary_alison
genus_Biscutella biscutella
Biscutalla_laevigata buckler_mustard
genus_Brassica brassica
Brassica_oleracea wild_cabbage
cultivated_cabbage cabbage
Brassica_oleracea cabbage
head_cabbage_plant head_cabbage
Brassica_oleracea_capitata head_cabbage
Brassica_oleracea_gemmifera brussels_sprout
Brassica_oleracea_botrytis cauliflower
Brassica_oleracea_italica broccoli
kail kale
cole kale
borecole kale
colewort kale
Brassica_oleracea_acephala kale
Brassica_oleracea_gongylodes kohlrabi
white_turnip turnip
Brassica_rapa turnip
turnip_cabbage rutabaga
swede rutabaga
Swedish_turnip rutabaga
rutabaga_plant rutabaga
Brassica_napus_napobrassica rutabaga
broccoli_rabe broccoli_raab
Brassica_rapa_ruvo broccoli_raab
indian_mustard chinese_mustard
leaf_mustard chinese_mustard
gai_choi chinese_mustard
Brassica_juncea chinese_mustard
celery_cabbage chinese_cabbage
napa chinese_cabbage
pe-tsai chinese_cabbage
Brassica_rapa_pekinensis chinese_cabbage
bok_choi bok_choy
pakchoi bok_choy
pak_choi bok_choy
Chinese_white_cabbage bok_choy
Brassica_rapa_chinensis bok_choy
spinach_mustard tendergreen
Brassica_perviridis tendergreen
Brassica_rapa_perviridis tendergreen
Brassica_nigra black_mustard
colza rape
Brassica_napus rape
rapeseed_oil rape_oil
colza_oil rape_oil
genus_Cakile cakile
Cakile_maritima sea-rocket
genus_Camelina camelina
false_flax camelina
Camelina_sativa gold_of_pleasure
genus_Capsella capsella
shepherd's_pouch shepherd's_purse
Capsella_bursa-pastoris shepherd's_purse
genus_Cardamine cardamine
genus_Dentaria dentaria
bitter_cress bittercress
cuckooflower lady's_smock
cuckoo_flower lady's_smock
meadow_cress lady's_smock
Cardamine_pratensis lady's_smock
coralroot coral-root_bittercress
coralwort coral-root_bittercress
Cardamine_bulbifera coral-root_bittercress
Dentaria_bulbifera coral-root_bittercress
crinkle-root crinkleroot
crinkle_root crinkleroot
pepper_root crinkleroot
toothwort crinkleroot
Cardamine_diphylla crinkleroot
Dentaria_diphylla crinkleroot
mountain_watercress american_watercress
Cardamine_rotundifolia american_watercress
Cardamine_bulbosa spring_cress
Cardamine_douglasii purple_cress
genus_Cheiranthus cheiranthus
Cheiranthus_cheiri wallflower
Erysimum_cheiri wallflower
genus_Cochlearia cochlearia
common_scurvy_grass scurvy_grass
Cochlearia_officinalis scurvy_grass
genus_Crambe crambe
sea_cole sea_kale
Crambe_maritima sea_kale
genus_Descurainia descurainia
Descurainia_pinnata tansy_mustard
genus_Diplotaxis diplotaxis
Diplotaxis_muralis wall_rocket
Diplotaxis_tenuifolia wall_rocket
Diplotaxis_erucoides white_rocket
shadflower whitlow_grass
shad-flower whitlow_grass
Draba_verna whitlow_grass
genus_Eruca eruca
roquette rocket
garden_rocket rocket
rocket_salad rocket
arugula rocket
Eruca_sativa rocket
Eruca_vesicaria_sativa rocket
genus_Erysimum erysimum
Erysimum_allionii siberian_wall_flower
Cheiranthus_allionii siberian_wall_flower
Erysimum_asperum western_wall_flower
Cheiranthus_asperus western_wall_flower
Erysimum_arkansanum western_wall_flower
Erysimum_cheiranthoides wormseed_mustard
genus_Hesperis hesperis
Dame's_violet damask_violet
sweet_rocket damask_violet
Hesperis_matronalis damask_violet
genus_Hugueninia hugueninia
Hugueninia_tanacetifolia tansy-leaved_rocket
Sisymbrium_tanacetifolia tansy-leaved_rocket
genus_Iberis iberis
genus_Isatis isatis
Isatis_tinctoria dyer's_woad
genus_Lepidium lepidium
garden_pepper_cress common_garden_cress
pepper_grass common_garden_cress
pepperwort common_garden_cress
Lepidium_sativum common_garden_cress
genus_Lesquerella lesquerella
genus_Lobularia lobularia
sweet_alison sweet_alyssum
Lobularia_maritima sweet_alyssum
genus_Lunaria lunaria
silver_dollar honesty
money_plant honesty
satin_flower honesty
satinpod honesty
Lunaria_annua honesty
genus_Malcolmia malcolmia
stock malcolm_stock
Virginia_stock virginian_stock
Malcolmia_maritima virginian_stock
genus_Matthiola matthiola
gillyflower stock
Matthiola_incana brompton_stock
genus_Nasturtium nasturtium
Rorippa_nasturtium-aquaticum common_watercress
Nasturtium_officinale common_watercress
genus_Physaria physaria
genus_Pritzelago pritzelago
Pritzelago_alpina chamois_cress
Lepidium_alpina chamois_cress
genus_Raphanus raphanus
radish radish_plant
wild_radish jointed_charlock
wild_rape jointed_charlock
runch jointed_charlock
Raphanus_raphanistrum jointed_charlock
Raphanus_sativus radish
daikon radish
Japanese_radish radish
Raphanus_sativus_longipinnatus radish
genus_Rorippa rorippa
yellow_watercress marsh_cress
Rorippa_islandica marsh_cress
Rorippa_amphibia great_yellowcress
Nasturtium_amphibium great_yellowcress
Schizopetalon_walkeri schizopetalon
genus_Sinapis sinapis
Brassica_hirta white_mustard
Sinapis_alba white_mustard
wild_mustard field_mustard
charlock field_mustard
chadlock field_mustard
Brassica_kaber field_mustard
Sinapis_arvensis field_mustard
Sisymbrium_officinale hedge_mustard
genus_Stanleya stanleya
prince's-plume desert_plume
Stanleya_pinnata desert_plume
Cleome_pinnata desert_plume
genus_Stephanomeria stephanomeria
Stephanomeria_malheurensis malheur_wire_lettuce
genus_Subularia subularia
Subularia_aquatica awlwort
genus_Thlaspi thlaspi
French_weed field_pennycress
fanweed field_pennycress
penny_grass field_pennycress
stinkweed field_pennycress
mithridate_mustard field_pennycress
Thlaspi_arvense field_pennycress
genus_Thysanocarpus thysanocarpus
lacepod fringepod
genus_Turritis turritis
genus_Vesicaria vesicaria
family_Papaveraceae papaveraceae
poppy_family papaveraceae
genus_Papaver papaver
Papaver_alpinum iceland_poppy
Papaver_californicum western_poppy
Papaver_argemone prickly_poppy
arctic_poppy iceland_poppy
Papaver_nudicaule iceland_poppy
Papaver_orientale oriental_poppy
field_poppy corn_poppy
Flanders_poppy corn_poppy
Papaver_rhoeas corn_poppy
Papaver_somniferum opium_poppy
argemone prickly_poppy
white_thistle prickly_poppy
devil's_fig prickly_poppy
Argemone_mexicana mexican_poppy
tree_celandine bocconia
Bocconia_frutescens bocconia
genus_Chelidonium chelidonium
greater_celandine celandine
swallowwort celandine
swallow_wort celandine
Chelidonium_majus celandine
genus_Corydalis corydalis
Corydalis_claviculata climbing_corydalis
Fumaria_claviculata climbing_corydalis
rock_harlequin roman_wormwood
Corydalis_sempervirens roman_wormwood
Fumaria_sempervirens roman_wormwood
fumeroot fumewort
Corydalis_solida fumewort
genus_Dendromecon dendromecon
tree_poppy bush_poppy
genus_Eschscholtzia eschscholtzia
Eschscholtzia_californica california_poppy
genus_Glaucium glaucium
horned_poppy horn_poppy
yellow_horned_poppy horn_poppy
sea_poppy horn_poppy
Glaucium_flavum horn_poppy
genus_Hunnemania hunnemannia
Mexican_tulip_poppy golden_cup
Hunnemania_fumariifolia golden_cup
genus_Macleaya macleaya
bocconia plume_poppy
Macleaya_cordata plume_poppy
genus_Meconopsis meconopsis
Meconopsis_betonicifolia blue_poppy
Meconopsis_cambrica welsh_poppy
genus_Platystemon platystemon
Platystemon_californicus creamcups
genus_Romneya romneya
California_tree_poppy matilija_poppy
Romneya_coulteri matilija_poppy
genus_Sanguinaria sanguinaria
puccoon bloodroot
redroot bloodroot
tetterwort bloodroot
Sanguinaria_canadensis bloodroot
genus_Stylomecon stylomecon
flaming_poppy wind_poppy
Stylomecon_heterophyllum wind_poppy
Papaver_heterophyllum wind_poppy
genus_Stylophorum stylophorum
wood_poppy celandine_poppy
Stylophorum_diphyllum celandine_poppy
family_Fumariaceae fumariaceae
fumitory_family fumariaceae
genus_Fumaria fumaria
fumewort fumitory
fumeroot fumitory
Fumaria_officinalis fumitory
genus_Adlumia adlumia
Allegheny_vine climbing_fumitory
Adlumia_fungosa climbing_fumitory
Fumaria_fungosa climbing_fumitory
genus_Dicentra dicentra
lyreflower bleeding_heart
lyre-flower bleeding_heart
Dicentra_spectabilis bleeding_heart
Dicentra_cucullaria dutchman's_breeches
Dicentra_canadensis squirrel_corn
subclass_Asteridae asteridae
order_Campanulales campanulales
family_Compositae compositae
Asteraceae compositae
family_Asteraceae compositae
aster_family compositae
composite_plant composite
compass_flower compass_plant
everlasting_flower everlasting
milfoil yarrow
Achillea_millefolium yarrow
sneezewort sneezeweed_yarrow
Achillea_ptarmica sneezeweed_yarrow
genus_Acroclinium acroclinium
pink_paper_daisy pink-and-white_everlasting
Acroclinium_roseum pink-and-white_everlasting
genus_Ageratina ageratina
white_sanicle white_snakeroot
Ageratina_altissima white_snakeroot
Eupatorium_rugosum white_snakeroot
Ageratum_houstonianum common_ageratum
genus_Amberboa amberboa
Amberboa_moschata sweet_sultan
Centaurea_moschata sweet_sultan
family_Ambrosiaceae ambrosiaceae
ambrosia ragweed
bitterweed ragweed
Ambrosia_artemisiifolia common_ragweed
Ambrosia_trifida great_ragweed
perennial_ragweed western_ragweed
Ambrosia_psilostachya western_ragweed
Ammobium_alatum winged_everlasting
genus_Anacyclus anacyclus
pellitory-of-Spain pellitory
Anacyclus_pyrethrum pellitory
genus_Anaphalis anaphalis
cottonweed pearly_everlasting
Anaphalis_margaritacea pearly_everlasting
genus_Antennaria antennaria
lady's_tobacco ladies'_tobacco
Antennaria_plantaginifolia ladies'_tobacco
cat's_feet cat's_foot
pussytoes cat's_foot
Antennaria_dioica cat's_foot
genus_Anthemis anthemis
dog_fennel mayweed
stinking_mayweed mayweed
stinking_chamomile mayweed
Anthemis_cotula mayweed
golden_marguerite yellow_chamomile
dyers'_chamomile yellow_chamomile
Anthemis_tinctoria yellow_chamomile
field_chamomile corn_chamomile
corn_mayweed corn_chamomile
Anthemis_arvensis corn_chamomile
genus_Antheropeas antheropeas
dwarf_daisy woolly_daisy
Antheropeas_wallacei woolly_daisy
Eriophyllum_wallacei woolly_daisy
genus_Arctium arctium
clotbur burdock
lesser_burdock common_burdock
Arctium_minus common_burdock
greater_burdock great_burdock
cocklebur great_burdock
Arctium_lappa great_burdock
genus_Arctotis arctotis
Arctotis_stoechadifolia blue-eyed_african_daisy
Arctotis_venusta blue-eyed_african_daisy
genus_Argyranthemum argyranthemum
marguerite_daisy marguerite
Paris_daisy marguerite
Chrysanthemum_frutescens marguerite
Argyranthemum_frutescens marguerite
genus_Argyroxiphium argyroxiphium
Argyroxiphium_sandwicense silversword
Arnica_cordifolia heartleaf_arnica
genus_Arnoseris arnoseris
dwarf_nipplewort lamb_succory
Arnoseris_minima lamb_succory
sage_brush sagebrush
Artemisia_abrotanum southernwood
absinthe common_wormwood
old_man common_wormwood
lad's_love common_wormwood
Artemisia_absinthium common_wormwood
Artemisia_annua sweet_wormwood
California_sage california_sagebrush
Artemisia_californica california_sagebrush
Artemisia_campestris field_wormwood
estragon tarragon
Artemisia_dracunculus tarragon
silvery_wormwood sand_sage
Artemisia_filifolia sand_sage
prairie_sagewort wormwood_sage
Artemisia_frigida wormwood_sage
white_sage western_mugwort
cudweed western_mugwort
prairie_sage western_mugwort
Artemisia_ludoviciana western_mugwort
Artemisia_gnaphalodes western_mugwort
Artemis_pontica roman_wormwood
bud_sagebrush bud_brush
Artemis_spinescens bud_brush
beach_wormwood dusty_miller
old_woman dusty_miller
Artemisia_stelleriana dusty_miller
Artemisia_vulgaris common_mugwort
Aster_acuminatus whorled_aster
Aster_arenosus heath_aster
Aster_cordifolius heart-leaved_aster
Aster_divaricatus white_wood_aster
Aster_dumosus bushy_aster
Aster_ericoides heath_aster
Aster_falcatus white_prairie_aster
Aster_linarifolius stiff_aster
goldilocks_aster goldilocks
Aster_linosyris goldilocks
Linosyris_vulgaris goldilocks
Aster_macrophyllus large-leaved_aster
Aster_novae-angliae new_england_aster
New_York_aster michaelmas_daisy
Aster_novi-belgii michaelmas_daisy
Aster_ptarmicoides upland_white_aster
Aster_shortii short's_aster
sea_starwort sea_aster
Aster_tripolium sea_aster
Aster_turbinellis prairie_aster
calico_aster starved_aster
Ayapana_triplinervis ayapana
Eupatorium_aya-pana ayapana
genus_Baccharis baccharis
groundsel_bush groundsel_tree
consumption_weed groundsel_tree
cotton-seed_tree groundsel_tree
Baccharis_halimifolia groundsel_tree
Baccharis_viminea mule_fat
coyote_bush coyote_brush
chaparral_broom coyote_brush
kidney_wort coyote_brush
Baccharis_pilularis coyote_brush
genus_Balsamorhiza balsamorhiza
genus_Bellis bellis
English_daisy common_daisy
Bellis_perennis common_daisy
genus_Bidens bidens
burr_marigold bur_marigold
beggar-ticks bur_marigold
beggar's-ticks bur_marigold
sticktight bur_marigold
Bidens_bipinnata spanish_needles
beggar-ticks spanish_needles
Bidens_coronata tickseed_sunflower
Bidens_trichosperma tickseed_sunflower
trifid_beggar-ticks european_beggar-ticks
trifid_bur_marigold european_beggar-ticks
Bidens_tripartita european_beggar-ticks
Bidens_connata swampy_beggar-ticks
genus_Boltonia boltonia
genus_Brachycome brachycome
Brachycome_Iberidifolia swan_river_daisy
genus_Brickelia brickellia
genus_Buphthalmum buphthalmum
Buphthalmum_salicifolium woodland_oxeye
genus_Cacalia cacalia
pot_marigold common_marigold
ruddles common_marigold
Scotch_marigold common_marigold
Calendula_officinalis common_marigold
genus_Callistephus callistephus
Callistephus_chinensis china_aster
genus_Carduus carduus
Carduus_crispus welted_thistle
nodding_thistle musk_thistle
Carduus_nutans musk_thistle
genus_Carlina carlina
Carlina_acaulis stemless_carline_thistle
Carlina_vulgaris common_carline_thistle
genus_Carthamus carthamus
false_saffron safflower
Carthamus_tinctorius safflower
cupid's_dart blue_succory
Catananche_caerulea blue_succory
genus_Centaurea centaurea
Centaurea_americana basket_flower
Centaurea_cineraria dusty_miller
Centaurea_gymnocarpa dusty_miller
bachelor's_button cornflower
bluebottle cornflower
Centaurea_cyanus cornflower
caltrop star-thistle
Centauria_calcitrapa star-thistle
Centaurea_imperialis sweet_sultan
black_knapweed lesser_knapweed
hardheads lesser_knapweed
Centaurea_nigra lesser_knapweed
greater_knapweed great_knapweed
Centaurea_scabiosa great_knapweed
yellow_star-thistle barnaby's_thistle
Centaurea_solstitialis barnaby's_thistle
genus_Chamaemelum chamaemelum
camomile chamomile
Chamaemelum_nobilis chamomile
Anthemis_nobilis chamomile
field_marigold corn_marigold
Chrysanthemum_segetum corn_marigold
Chrysanthemum_coronarium crown_daisy
tong_ho chop-suey_greens
shun_giku chop-suey_greens
Chrysanthemum_coronarium_spatiosum chop-suey_greens
genus_Chrysopsis chrysopsis
Chrysopsis_mariana maryland_golden_aster
genus_Chrysothamnus chrysothamnus
rabbit_bush rabbit_brush
Chrysothamnus_nauseosus rabbit_brush
genus_Cichorium cichorium
succory chicory
chicory_plant chicory
Cichorium_intybus chicory
witloof endive
Cichorium_endivia endive
chicory_root chicory
genus_Cirsium cirsium
plumed_thistle plume_thistle
creeping_thistle canada_thistle
Cirsium_arvense canada_thistle
Cirsium_discolor field_thistle
Cirsium_flodmanii woolly_thistle
Cirsium_eriophorum european_woolly_thistle
Cirsium_heterophylum melancholy_thistle
Cirsium_helenioides melancholy_thistle
Cirsium_rivulare brook_thistle
boar_thistle bull_thistle
spear_thistle bull_thistle
Cirsium_vulgare bull_thistle
Cirsium_lanceolatum bull_thistle
genus_Cnicus cnicus
sweet_sultan blessed_thistle
Cnicus_benedictus blessed_thistle
genus_Conoclinium conoclinium
mist-flower mistflower
ageratum mistflower
Conoclinium_coelestinum mistflower
Eupatorium_coelestinum mistflower
genus_Conyza conyza
Canadian_fleabane horseweed
fleabane horseweed
Conyza_canadensis horseweed
Erigeron_canadensis horseweed
tickseed coreopsis
tickweed coreopsis
tick-weed coreopsis
Coreopsis_gigantea giant_coreopsis
Coreopsis_maritima sea_dahlia
Coreopsis_tinctoria calliopsis
cosmea cosmos
genus_Cotula cotula
Cotula_coronopifolia brass_buttons
genus_Craspedia craspedia
genus_Crepis crepis
hawk's-beards hawk's-beard
genus_Cynara cynara
globe_artichoke artichoke
artichoke_plant artichoke
Cynara_scolymus artichoke
Cynara_cardunculus cardoon
Dahlia_pinnata dahlia
genus_Delairea delairea
Delairea_odorata german_ivy
Senecio_milkanioides german_ivy
genus_Dendranthema dendranthema
florists'_chrysanthemum florist's_chrysanthemum
mum florist's_chrysanthemum
Dendranthema_grandifloruom florist's_chrysanthemum
Chrysanthemum_morifolium florist's_chrysanthemum
genus_Dimorphotheca dimorphotheca
sun_marigold cape_marigold
star_of_the_veldt cape_marigold
genus_Doronicum doronicum
leopardbane leopard's-bane
genus_Echinacea echinacea
genus_Echinops echinops
genus_Elephantopus elephantopus
genus_Emilia emilia
Emilia_coccinea tassel_flower
Emilia_javanica tassel_flower
Emilia_flammea tassel_flower
Cacalia_javanica tassel_flower
Cacalia_lutea tassel_flower
Emilia_sagitta tassel_flower
genus_Encelia encelia
brittle_bush brittlebush
incienso brittlebush
Encelia_farinosa brittlebush
genus_Enceliopsis enceliopsis
Enceliopsis_nudicaulis sunray
Erechtites_hieracifolia fireweed
genus_Erigeron erigeron
Erigeron_acer blue_fleabane
Erigeron_annuus daisy_fleabane
orange_fleabane orange_daisy
Erigeron_aurantiacus orange_daisy
Erigeron_divergens spreading_fleabane
beach_aster seaside_daisy
Erigeron_glaucous seaside_daisy
Erigeron_philadelphicus philadelphia_fleabane
Erigeron_pulchellus robin's_plantain
Erigeron_speciosus showy_daisy
genus_Eriophyllum eriophyllum
Eriophyllum_lanatum golden_yarrow
genus_Eupatorium eupatorium
Eupatorium_cannabinum hemp_agrimony
Eupatorium_capillifolium dog_fennel
spotted_Joe-Pye_weed joe-pye_weed
Eupatorium_maculatum joe-pye_weed
agueweed boneset
thoroughwort boneset
Eupatorium_perfoliatum boneset
purple_boneset joe-pye_weed
trumpet_weed joe-pye_weed
marsh_milkweed joe-pye_weed
Eupatorium_purpureum joe-pye_weed
genus_Felicia felicia
blue_marguerite blue_daisy
Felicia_amelloides blue_daisy
Felicia_bergeriana kingfisher_daisy
cudweed cotton_rose
filago cotton_rose
Filago_germanica herba_impia
Indian_blanket blanket_flower
fire_wheel blanket_flower
fire-wheel blanket_flower
Gaillardia_pulchella blanket_flower
Gazania_rigens treasure_flower
genus_Gerbera gerbera
Transvaal_daisy barberton_daisy
Gerbera_jamesonii barberton_daisy
genus_Gerea gerea
Gerea_canescens desert_sunflower
genus_Gnaphalium gnaphalium
wood_cudweed chafeweed
Gnaphalium_sylvaticum chafeweed
genus_Grindelia grindelia
gum_plant gumweed
tarweed gumweed
rosinweed gumweed
Grindelia_squarrosa curlycup_gumweed
genus_Gutierrezia gutierrezia
matchbush matchweed
Gutierrezia_microcephala little-head_snakeweed
rabbit-weed rabbitweed
snakeweed rabbitweed
broom_snakeweed rabbitweed
broom_snakeroot rabbitweed
turpentine_weed rabbitweed
Gutierrezia_sarothrae rabbitweed
broom-weed broomweed
Gutierrezia_texana broomweed
genus_Gynura gynura
purple_velvet_plant velvet_plant
royal_velvet_plant velvet_plant
Gynura_aurantiaca velvet_plant
genus_Haastia haastia
sheep_plant vegetable_sheep
Haastia_pulvinaris vegetable_sheep
genus_Haplopappus haplopappus
Haplopappus_phyllocephalus camphor_daisy
Haplopappus_spinulosus yellow_spiny_daisy
genus_Hazardia hazardia
Hazardia_cana hoary_golden_bush
genus_Helenium helenium
Helenium_autumnale autumn_sneezeweed
owlclaws orange_sneezeweed
Helenium_hoopesii orange_sneezeweed
Helenium_puberulum rosilla
helianthus sunflower
Helianthus_angustifolius swamp_sunflower
mirasol common_sunflower
Helianthus_annuus common_sunflower
tall_sunflower giant_sunflower
Indian_potato giant_sunflower
Helianthus_giganteus giant_sunflower
Helianthus_laetiflorus showy_sunflower
Helianthus_maximilianii maximilian's_sunflower
Helianthus_petiolaris prairie_sunflower
girasol jerusalem_artichoke
Jerusalem_artichoke_sunflower jerusalem_artichoke
Helianthus_tuberosus jerusalem_artichoke
genus_Helichrysum helichrysum
golden_everlasting strawflower
yellow_paper_daisy strawflower
Helichrysum_bracteatum strawflower
oxeye heliopsis
genus_Helipterum helipterum
genus_Heterotheca heterotheca
prairie_golden_aster hairy_golden_aster
Heterotheca_villosa hairy_golden_aster
Chrysopsis_villosa hairy_golden_aster
genus_Hieracium hieracium
yellow_hawkweed king_devil
Hieracium_praealtum king_devil
Hieracium_venosum rattlesnake_weed
genus_Homogyne homogyne
Homogyne_alpina alpine_coltsfoot
Tussilago_alpina alpine_coltsfoot
genus_Hulsea hulsea
alpine_hulsea alpine_gold
Hulsea_algida alpine_gold
Hulsea_nana dwarf_hulsea
genus_Hyalosperma hyalosperma
genus_Hypochaeris hypochaeris
Hypochoeris hypochaeris
genus_Hypochoeris hypochaeris
California_dandelion cat's-ear
capeweed cat's-ear
gosmore cat's-ear
Hypochaeris_radicata cat's-ear
Inula_helenium elecampane
iva marsh_elder
false_ragweed burweed_marsh_elder
Iva_xanthifolia burweed_marsh_elder
Krigia_dandelion dwarf_dandelion
Krigia_bulbosa dwarf_dandelion
genus_Lactuca lactuca
common_lettuce garden_lettuce
Lactuca_sativa garden_lettuce
romaine_lettuce cos_lettuce
Lactuca_sativa_longifolia cos_lettuce
Lactuca_sativa_capitata head_lettuce
Lactuca_sativa_crispa leaf_lettuce
stem_lettuce celtuce
Lactuca_sativa_asparagina celtuce
horse_thistle prickly_lettuce
Lactuca_serriola prickly_lettuce
Lactuca_scariola prickly_lettuce
genus_Lagenophera lagenophera
genus_Lasthenia lasthenia
Lasthenia_chrysostoma goldfields
genus_Layia layia
tidy_tips tidytips
Layia_platyglossa tidytips
genus_Leontodon leontodon
arnica_bud fall_dandelion
Leontodon_autumnalis fall_dandelion
genus_Leontopodium leontopodium
Leontopodium_alpinum edelweiss
genus_Leucanthemum leucanthemum
ox-eyed_daisy oxeye_daisy
marguerite oxeye_daisy
moon_daisy oxeye_daisy
white_daisy oxeye_daisy
Leucanthemum_vulgare oxeye_daisy
Chrysanthemum_leucanthemum oxeye_daisy
Leucanthemum_maximum oxeye_daisy
Chrysanthemum_maximum oxeye_daisy
Leucanthemum_superbum shasta_daisy
Chrysanthemum_maximum_maximum shasta_daisy
Leucanthemum_lacustre pyrenees_daisy
Chrysanthemum_lacustre pyrenees_daisy
genus_Leucogenes leucogenes
Leucogenes_leontopodium north_island_edelweiss
genus_Liatris liatris
button_snakeroot blazing_star
gayfeather blazing_star
gay-feather blazing_star
snakeroot blazing_star
Liatris_punctata dotted_gayfeather
Liatris_pycnostachya dense_blazing_star
genus_Ligularia ligularia
genus_Lindheimera lindheimera
Lindheimera_texana texas_star
genus_Lonas lonas
yellow_ageratum african_daisy
Lonas_inodora african_daisy
Lonas_annua african_daisy
genus_Machaeranthera machaeranthera
tansy_leaf_aster tahoka_daisy
Machaeranthera_tanacetifolia tahoka_daisy
Machaeranthera_bigelovii sticky_aster
Machaeranthera_tortifoloia mojave_aster
genus_Madia madia
common_tarweed common_madia
Madia_elegans common_madia
Chile_tarweed melosa
madia_oil_plant melosa
Madia_sativa melosa
genus_Matricaria matricaria
wild_chamomile sweet_false_chamomile
German_chamomile sweet_false_chamomile
Matricaria_recutita sweet_false_chamomile
Matricaria_chamomilla sweet_false_chamomile
rayless_chamomile pineapple_weed
Matricaria_matricarioides pineapple_weed
genus_Melampodium melampodium
Melampodium_leucanthum blackfoot_daisy
genus_Mikania mikania
climbing_boneset climbing_hempweed
wild_climbing_hempweed climbing_hempweed
climbing_hemp-vine climbing_hempweed
Mikania_scandens climbing_hempweed
genus_Nabalus nabalus
cankerweed white_lettuce
Nabalus_alba white_lettuce
Prenanthes_alba white_lettuce
gall_of_the_earth lion's_foot
Nabalus_serpentarius lion's_foot
Prenanthes_serpentaria lion's_foot
genus_Olearia olearia
daisy-bush daisybush
daisy_bush daisybush
Olearia_argophylla muskwood
Olearia_haastii new_zealand_daisybush
genus_Onopordum onopordum
Onopordon onopordum
genus_Onopordon onopordum
woolly_thistle cotton_thistle
Scotch_thistle cotton_thistle
Onopordum_acanthium cotton_thistle
Onopordon_acanthium cotton_thistle
genus_Ozothamnus ozothamnus
Ozothamnus_secundiflorus cascade_everlasting
Helichrysum_secundiflorum cascade_everlasting
genus_Packera packera
golden_ragwort golden_groundsel
Packera_aurea golden_groundsel
Senecio_aureus golden_groundsel
genus_Parthenium parthenium
Parthenium_argentatum guayule
Parthenium_hysterophorus bastard_feverfew
wild_quinine american_feverfew
prairie_dock american_feverfew
Parthenium_integrifolium american_feverfew
genus_Pericallis pericallis
Pericallis_cruenta cineraria
Senecio_cruentus cineraria
Pericallis_hybrida florest's_cineraria
genus_Petasites petasites
bog_rhubarb butterbur
Petasites_hybridus butterbur
Petasites_vulgaris butterbur
sweet_coltsfoot winter_heliotrope
Petasites_fragrans winter_heliotrope
Petasites_sagitattus sweet_coltsfoot
genus_Picris picris
bristly_oxtongue oxtongue
bitterweed oxtongue
bugloss oxtongue
Picris_echioides oxtongue
genus_Pilosella pilosella
Pilosella_aurantiaca orange_hawkweed
Hieracium_aurantiacum orange_hawkweed
Pilosella_officinarum mouse-ear_hawkweed
Hieracium_pilocella mouse-ear_hawkweed
genus_Piqueria piqueria
genus_Prenanthes prenanthes
Prenanthes_purpurea rattlesnake_root
Pteropogon_humboltianum pteropogon
genus_Pulicaria pulicaria
feabane_mullet fleabane
Pulicaria_dysenterica fleabane
genus_Pyrethrum pyrethrum
genus_Raoulia raoulia
vegetable_sheep sheep_plant
Raoulia_lutescens sheep_plant
Raoulia_australis sheep_plant
genus_Ratibida ratibida
Ratibida_columnaris mexican_hat
prairie_coneflower long-head_coneflower
Ratibida_columnifera long-head_coneflower
Ratibida_tagetes prairie_coneflower
rhodanthe swan_river_everlasting
Rhodanthe_manglesii swan_river_everlasting
Helipterum_manglesii swan_river_everlasting
genus_Rudbeckia rudbeckia
Rudbeckia_hirta black-eyed_susan
Rudbeckia_serotina black-eyed_susan
Rudbeckia_laciniata cutleaved_coneflower
double_gold golden_glow
hortensia golden_glow
Rudbeckia_laciniata_hortensia golden_glow
genus_Santolina santolina
Santolina_chamaecyparissus lavender_cotton
genus_Sanvitalia sanvitalia
Sanvitalia_procumbens creeping_zinnia
genus_Saussurea saussurea
Saussurea_costus costusroot
Saussurea_lappa costusroot
genus_Scolymus scolymus
Scolymus_hispanicus spanish_oyster_plant
genus_Senecio senecio
Senecio_bigelovii nodding_groundsel
Senecio_cineraria dusty_miller
Cineraria_maritima dusty_miller
Senecio_doublasii threadleaf_groundsel
ragwort butterweed
Senecio_glabellus butterweed
tansy_ragwort ragwort
ragweed ragwort
benweed ragwort
Senecio_jacobaea ragwort
Senecio_triangularis arrowleaf_groundsel
Senecio_vulgaris groundsel
viper's_grass black_salsify
scorzonera black_salsify
Scorzonera_hispanica black_salsify
genus_Sericocarpus sericocarpus
genus_Seriphidium seriphidium
silver_sagebrush silver_sage
grey_sage silver_sage
gray_sage silver_sage
Seriphidium_canum silver_sage
Artemisia_cana silver_sage
Seriphidium_maritimum sea_wormwood
Artemisia_maritima sea_wormwood
blue_sage big_sagebrush
Seriphidium_tridentatum big_sagebrush
Artemisia_tridentata big_sagebrush
genus_Serratula serratula
Serratula_tinctoria sawwort
genus_Silphium silphium
Silphium_laciniatum rosinweed
genus_Silybum silybum
lady's_thistle milk_thistle
Our_Lady's_mild_thistle milk_thistle
holy_thistle milk_thistle
blessed_thistle milk_thistle
Silybum_marianum milk_thistle
genus_Solidago solidago
Solidago_bicolor silverrod
Canadian_goldenrod meadow_goldenrod
Solidago_canadensis meadow_goldenrod
Solidago_missouriensis missouri_goldenrod
Solidago_multiradiata alpine_goldenrod
gray_goldenrod grey_goldenrod
Solidago_nemoralis grey_goldenrod
sweet_goldenrod blue_mountain_tea
Solidago_odora blue_mountain_tea
Solidago_rugosa dyer's_weed
beach_goldenrod seaside_goldenrod
Solidago_sempervirens seaside_goldenrod
Solidago_spathulata narrow_goldenrod
broad_leaved_goldenrod zigzag_goldenrod
genus_Sonchus sonchus
milk_thistle sow_thistle
Sonchus_oleraceus milkweed
genus_Stenotus stenotus
Stenotus_acaulis stemless_golden_weed
Haplopappus_acaulis stemless_golden_weed
genus_Stokesia stokesia
cornflower_aster stokes'_aster
Stokesia_laevis stokes'_aster
genus_Tagetes tageteste
big_marigold african_marigold
Aztec_marigold african_marigold
Tagetes_erecta african_marigold
Tagetes_patula french_marigold
genus_Tanacetum tanacetum
alecost costmary
bible_leaf costmary
mint_geranium costmary
balsam_herb costmary
Tanacetum_balsamita costmary
Chrysanthemum_balsamita costmary
Tanacetum_camphoratum camphor_dune_tansy
pyrethrum painted_daisy
Tanacetum_coccineum painted_daisy
Chrysanthemum_coccineum painted_daisy
Dalmatian_pyrethrum pyrethrum
Dalmatia_pyrethrum pyrethrum
Tanacetum_cinerariifolium pyrethrum
Chrysanthemum_cinerariifolium pyrethrum
Tanacetum_douglasii northern_dune_tansy
Tanacetum_parthenium feverfew
Chrysanthemum_parthenium feverfew
silver-lace dusty_miller
silver_lace dusty_miller
Tanacetum_ptarmiciflorum dusty_miller
Chrysanthemum_ptarmiciflorum dusty_miller
golden_buttons tansy
scented_fern tansy
Tanacetum_vulgare tansy
genus_Taraxacum taraxacum
blowball dandelion
Taraxacum_ruderalia common_dandelion
Taraxacum_officinale common_dandelion
kok-saghyz russian_dandelion
kok-sagyz russian_dandelion
Taraxacum_kok-saghyz russian_dandelion
genus_Tetraneuris tetraneuris
Tetraneuris_acaulis stemless_hymenoxys
Hymenoxys_acaulis stemless_hymenoxys
alpine_sunflower old_man_of_the_mountain
Tetraneuris_grandiflora old_man_of_the_mountain
Hymenoxys_grandiflora old_man_of_the_mountain
tithonia mexican_sunflower
genus_Townsendia townsendia
stemless_daisy easter_daisy
Townsendia_Exscapa easter_daisy
genus_Tragopogon tragopogon
Tragopogon_dubius yellow_salsify
oyster_plant salsify
vegetable_oyster salsify
Tragopogon_porrifolius salsify
oyster_plant salsify
goatsbeard meadow_salsify
shepherd's_clock meadow_salsify
Tragopogon_pratensis meadow_salsify
genus_Trilisa trilisa
Trilisa_odoratissima wild_vanilla
genus_Tripleurospermum tripleurospermum
scentless_false_camomile scentless_camomile
scentless_mayweed scentless_camomile
scentless_hayweed scentless_camomile
corn_mayweed scentless_camomile
Tripleurospermum_inodorum scentless_camomile
Matricaria_inodorum scentless_camomile
Tripleurospermum_oreades_tchihatchewii turfing_daisy
Matricaria_oreades turfing_daisy
Tripleurospermum_tchihatchewii turfing_daisy
Matricaria_tchihatchewii turfing_daisy
genus_Tussilago tussilago
Tussilago_farfara coltsfoot
genus_Verbesina verbesina
genus_Actinomeris actinomeris
crown-beard crownbeard
crown_beard crownbeard
golden_ironweed wingstem
yellow_ironweed wingstem
golden_honey_plant wingstem
Verbesina_alternifolia wingstem
Actinomeris_alternifolia wingstem
golden_crownbeard cowpen_daisy
golden_crown_beard cowpen_daisy
butter_daisy cowpen_daisy
Verbesina_encelioides cowpen_daisy
Ximenesia_encelioides cowpen_daisy
Verbesina_helianthoides gravelweed
frostweed virginia_crownbeard
frost-weed virginia_crownbeard
Verbesina_virginica virginia_crownbeard
vernonia ironweed
Wyethia_amplexicaulis mule's_ears
Wyethia_helianthoides white-rayed_mule's_ears
genus_Xanthium xanthium
cockle-bur cocklebur
cockleburr cocklebur
cockle-burr cocklebur
Xeranthemum_annuum immortelle
old_maid zinnia
old_maid_flower zinnia
Zinnia_acerosa white_zinnia
Zinnia_grandiflora little_golden_zinnia
family_Loasaceae loasaceae
loasa_family loasaceae
genus_Mentzelia mentzelia
Mentzelia_livicaulis blazing_star
Mentzelia_laevicaulis blazing_star
Mentzelia_lindleyi bartonia
key_fruit samara
key samara
burr bur
family_Campanulaceae campanulaceae
bellflower_family campanulaceae
bellflower campanula
bluebell harebell
Campanula_rotundifolia harebell
Campanula_rapunculoides creeping_bellflower
cup_and_saucer canterbury_bell
Campanula_medium canterbury_bell
Campanula_divaricata southern_harebell
Campanula_americana tall_bellflower
Campanula_aparinoides marsh_bellflower
Campanula_glomerata clustered_bellflower
peach_bell peach_bells
willow_bell peach_bells
Campanula_persicifolia peach_bells
chimney_bellflower chimney_plant
Campanula_pyramidalis chimney_plant
rampion_bellflower rampion
Campanula_rapunculus rampion
nettle-leaved_bellflower throatwort
Campanula_trachelium throatwort
spreading_bellflower tussock_bellflower
Campanula_carpatica tussock_bellflower
order_Orchidales orchidales
family_Orchidaceae orchidaceae
orchid_family orchidaceae
orchidaceous_plant orchid
early_purple_orchid male_orchis
Orchis_mascula male_orchis
butterfly_orchis butterfly_orchid
Orchis_papilionaceae butterfly_orchid
purple_orchis showy_orchis
purple-hooded_orchis showy_orchis
Orchis_spectabilis showy_orchis
Angraecum genus_angrecum
genus_Angraecum genus_angrecum
genus_Anoectochilus anoectochilus
genus_Aplectrum aplectrum
adam-and-eve puttyroot
Aplectrum_hyemale puttyroot
wild_pink bog_rose
dragon's_mouth bog_rose
Arethusa_bulbosa bog_rose
genus_Bletilla bletilla
Bletia_striata bletilla_striata
genus_Brassia brassia
Brassia_lawrenceana spider_orchid
Brassia_verrucosa spider_orchid
Caladenia_cairnsiana zebra_orchid
genus_Calopogon calopogon
Calopogon_pulchellum grass_pink
Calopogon_tuberosum grass_pink
fairy-slipper calypso
Calypso_bulbosa calypso
genus_Catasetum catasetum
Catasetum_macrocarpum jumping_orchid
genus_Cephalanthera cephalanthera
Cephalanthera_rubra red_helleborine
genus_Cleistes cleistes
funnel-crest_rosebud_orchid spreading_pogonia
Cleistes_divaricata spreading_pogonia
Pogonia_divaricata spreading_pogonia
Cleistes_rosea rosebud_orchid
Pogonia_rosea rosebud_orchid
genus_Coeloglossum coeloglossum
Coeloglossum_bracteatum satyr_orchid
Coeloglossum_viride frog_orchid
genus_Corallorhiza corallorhiza
Corallorhiza_maculata spotted_coral_root
Corallorhiza_striata striped_coral_root
pale_coral_root early_coral_root
Corallorhiza_trifida early_coral_root
genus_Coryanthes coryanthes
helmet_orchid helmetflower
genus_Cycnoches cycnoches
swanflower swan_orchid
swan-flower swan_orchid
swanneck swan_orchid
swan-neck swan_orchid
cymbidium cymbid
genus_Cypripedium cypripedium
lady-slipper lady's_slipper
ladies'_slipper lady's_slipper
slipper_orchid lady's_slipper
nerveroot moccasin_flower
Cypripedium_acaule moccasin_flower
showy_lady's-slipper common_lady's-slipper
showy_lady_slipper common_lady's-slipper
Cypripedium_reginae common_lady's-slipper
Cypripedium_album common_lady's-slipper
ram's-head_lady's_slipper ram's-head
Cypripedium_arietinum ram's-head
yellow_lady-slipper yellow_lady's_slipper
Cypripedium_calceolus yellow_lady's_slipper
Cypripedium_parviflorum yellow_lady's_slipper
Cypripedium_calceolus_pubescens large_yellow_lady's_slipper
Cypripedium_californicum california_lady's_slipper
Cypripedium_fasciculatum clustered_lady's_slipper
Cypripedium_montanum mountain_lady's_slipper
genus_Dactylorhiza dactylorhiza
Dactylorhiza_fuchsii common_spotted_orchid
Dactylorhiza_maculata_fuchsii common_spotted_orchid
genus_Dracula dracula
genus_Dryadella dryadella
genus_Eburophyton eburophyton
snow_orchid phantom_orchid
Eburophyton_austinae phantom_orchid
genus_Encyclia encyclia
Encyclia_citrina tulip_orchid
Cattleya_citrina tulip_orchid
Encyclia_tampensis butterfly_orchid
Epidendrum_tampense butterfly_orchid
butterfly_orchis butterfly_orchid
Epidendrum_venosum butterfly_orchid
Encyclia_venosa butterfly_orchid
genus_Epidendrum epidendrum
genus_Epipactis epipactis
chatterbox stream_orchid
giant_helleborine stream_orchid
Epipactis_gigantea stream_orchid
genus_Glossodia glossodia
tongue-flower tongueflower
genus_Goodyera goodyera
helleborine rattlesnake_plantain
genus_Grammatophyllum grammatophyllum
genus_Gymnadenia gymnadenia
Gymnadenia_conopsea fragrant_orchid
Gymnadenia_odoratissima short-spurred_fragrant_orchid
genus_Gymnadeniopsis gymnadeniopsis
genus_Habenaria habenaria
fringed_orchid fringed_orchis
rein_orchis rein_orchid
bog_candles bog_rein_orchid
Habenaria_dilatata bog_rein_orchid
white_fringed_orchid white_fringed_orchis
Habenaria_albiflora white_fringed_orchis
Habenaria_elegans elegant_habenaria
purple-fringed_orchis purple-fringed_orchid
Habenaria_fimbriata purple-fringed_orchid
Habenaria_greenei coastal_rein_orchid
Habenaria_hookeri hooker's_orchid
ragged_orchis ragged_orchid
ragged-fringed_orchid ragged_orchid
green_fringed_orchis ragged_orchid
Habenaria_lacera ragged_orchid
prairie_white-fringed_orchis prairie_orchid
Habenaria_leucophaea prairie_orchid
Habenaria_nivea snowy_orchid
Habenaria_orbiculata round-leaved_rein_orchid
purple_fringeless_orchis purple_fringeless_orchid
Habenaria_peramoena purple_fringeless_orchid
purple-fringed_orchis purple-fringed_orchid
Habenaria_psycodes purple-fringed_orchid
Habenaria_unalascensis alaska_rein_orchid
genus_Hexalectris hexalectris
Hexalectris_spicata crested_coral_root
Hexalectris_warnockii texas_purple_spike
genus_Himantoglossum himantoglossum
Himantoglossum_hircinum lizard_orchid
fen_orchis fen_orchid
Liparis_loeselii fen_orchid
genus_Listera listera
Listera_convallarioides broad-leaved_twayblade
Listera_cordata lesser_twayblade
Listera_ovata twayblade
genus_Malaxis malaxis
Malaxis-unifolia green_adder's_mouth
Malaxis_ophioglossoides green_adder's_mouth
genus_Miltonia miltonia
dancing_lady_orchid oncidium
butterfly_plant oncidium
butterfly_orchid oncidium
genus_Ophrys ophrys
Ophrys_apifera bee_orchid
Ophrys_insectifera fly_orchid
Ophrys_muscifera fly_orchid
Ophrys_sphegodes early_spider_orchid
genus_Paphiopedilum paphiopedilum
Venus's_slipper venus'_slipper
Venus's_shoe venus'_slipper
genus_Phalaenopsis phalaenopsis
moth_plant moth_orchid
Phalaenopsis_amabilis butterfly_plant
genus_Pholidota pholidota
genus_Phragmipedium phragmipedium
genus_Platanthera platanthera
Platanthera_bifolia lesser_butterfly_orchid
Habenaria_bifolia lesser_butterfly_orchid
Platanthera_chlorantha greater_butterfly_orchid
Habenaria_chlorantha greater_butterfly_orchid
Platanthera_leucophea prairie_white-fringed_orchid
genus_Plectorrhiza plectorrhiza
genus_Pleione pleione
genus_Psychopsis psychopsis
Oncidium_papilio_kramerianum psychopsis_krameriana
Oncidium_papilio psychopsis_papilio
genus_Pterostylis pterostylis
greenhood helmet_orchid
genus_Rhyncostylis rhyncostylis
genus_Sarcochilus sarcochilus
Sarcochilus_falcatus orange-blossom_orchid
genus_Scaphosepalum scaphosepalum
genus_Schomburgkia schomburgkia
genus_Selenipedium selenipedium
genus_Spiranthes spiranthes
lady's_tresses ladies'_tresses
Spiranthes_cernua screw_augur
Spiranthes_romanzoffiana hooded_ladies'_tresses
Spiranthes_porrifolia western_ladies'_tresses
Spiranthes_spiralis european_ladies'_tresses
genus_Trichoceros trichoceros
Vanda_caerulea blue_orchid
Vanilla_planifolia vanilla_orchid
family_Burmanniaceae burmanniaceae
genus_Burmannia burmannia
family_Dioscoreaceae dioscoreaceae
yam_family dioscoreaceae
genus_Dioscorea dioscorea
yam_plant yam
water_yam white_yam
Dioscorea_alata white_yam
Chinese_yam cinnamon_vine
Dioscorea_batata cinnamon_vine
Dioscorea_bulbifera air_potato
tortoise_plant elephant's-foot
Hottentot_bread_vine elephant's-foot
Hottentot's_bread_vine elephant's-foot
Dioscorea_elephantipes elephant's-foot
Hottentot's_bread hottentot_bread
Dioscorea_paniculata wild_yam
Dioscorea_trifida cush-cush
genus_Tamus tamus
black_bindweed black_bryony
Tamus_communis black_bryony
order_Primulales primulales
family_Primulaceae primulaceae
primrose_family primulaceae
primula primrose
Primula_vulgaris english_primrose
paigle cowslip
Primula_veris cowslip
paigle oxlip
Primula_elatior oxlip
Primula_sinensis chinese_primrose
bear's_ear auricula
Primula_auricula auricula
Primula_polyantha polyanthus
genus_Anagallis anagallis
red_pimpernel scarlet_pimpernel
poor_man's_weatherglass scarlet_pimpernel
Anagallis_arvensis scarlet_pimpernel
Anagallis_tenella bog_pimpernel
genus_Centunculus centunculus
bastard_pimpernel chaffweed
false_pimpernel chaffweed
Cyclamen_purpurascens cyclamen
Cyclamen_hederifolium sowbread
Cyclamen_neopolitanum sowbread
genus_Glaux glaux
sea_trifoly sea_milkwort
black_saltwort sea_milkwort
Glaux_maritima sea_milkwort
genus_Hottonia hottonia
feather-foil featherfoil
American_featherfoil water_gillyflower
Hottonia_inflata water_gillyflower
Hottonia_palustris water_violet
genus_Lysimachia lysimachia
Lysimachia_clethroides_Duby gooseneck_loosestrife
Lysimachia_nemorum yellow_pimpernel
Lysimachia_ciliatum fringed_loosestrife
creeping_Jenny moneywort
creeping_Charlie moneywort
Lysimachia_nummularia moneywort
garden_loosestrife yellow_loosestrife
Lysimachia_vulgaris yellow_loosestrife
Lysimachia_terrestris swamp_candles
Lysimachia_quadrifolia whorled_loosestrife
genus_Samolus samolus
Samolus_valerandii brookweed
Samolus_parviflorus brookweed
Samolus_floribundus brookweed
family_Myrsinaceae myrsinaceae
myrsine_family myrsinaceae
genus_Myrsine myrsine
genus_Ardisia ardisia
spiceberry coralberry
Ardisia_crenata coralberry
Ardisia_escallonoides marlberry
Ardisia_paniculata marlberry
order_Plumbaginales plumbaginales
family_Plumbaginaceae plumbaginaceae
leadwort_family plumbaginaceae
sea-lavender_family plumbaginaceae
Plumbago_europaea leadwort
genus_Armeria armeria
sea_pink cliff_rose
Armeria_maritima cliff_rose
genus_Limonium limonium
marsh_rosemary sea_lavender
statice sea_lavender
family_Theophrastaceae theophrastaceae
genus_Jacquinia jacquinia
Jacquinia_armillaris bracelet_wood
joewood barbasco
Jacquinia_keyensis barbasco
order_Graminales graminales
family_Gramineae gramineae
Graminaceae gramineae
family_Graminaceae gramineae
Poaceae gramineae
family_Poaceae gramineae
grass_family gramineae
graminaceous_plant gramineous_plant
bunch_grass bunchgrass
short-grass shortgrass
tall-grass tallgrass
lemon_grass lemongrass
pasturage herbage
genus_Aegilops aegilops
Aegilops_triuncalis goat_grass
genus_Agropyron agropyron
wheat-grass wheatgrass
crested_wheat_grass crested_wheatgrass
fairway_crested_wheat_grass crested_wheatgrass
Agropyron_cristatum crested_wheatgrass
couch_grass dog_grass
quackgrass dog_grass
quack_grass dog_grass
quick_grass dog_grass
witch_grass dog_grass
witchgrass dog_grass
Agropyron_repens dog_grass
Agropyron_subsecundum bearded_wheatgrass
bluestem_wheatgrass western_wheatgrass
Agropyron_smithii western_wheatgrass
Agropyron_intermedium intermediate_wheatgrass
Elymus_hispidus intermediate_wheatgrass
Agropyron_trachycaulum slender_wheatgrass
Agropyron_pauciflorum slender_wheatgrass
Elymus_trachycaulos slender_wheatgrass
genus_Agrostis agrostis
bent_grass bent
bent-grass bent
velvet_bent_grass velvet_bent
brown_bent velvet_bent
Rhode_Island_bent velvet_bent
dog_bent velvet_bent
Agrostis_canina velvet_bent
Agrostis_nebulosa cloud_grass
creeping_bentgrass creeping_bent
Agrostis_palustris creeping_bent
genus_Alopecurus alopecurus
Alopecurus_pratensis meadow_foxtail
foxtail_grass foxtail
genus_Andropogon andropogon
Andropogon_virginicus broom_sedge
genus_Arrhenatherum arrhenatherum
tall_meadow_grass tall_oat_grass
evergreen_grass tall_oat_grass
false_oat tall_oat_grass
French_rye tall_oat_grass
Arrhenatherum_elatius tall_oat_grass
genus_Arundo arundo
toitoi toetoe
Arundo_conspicua toetoe
Chionochloa_conspicua toetoe
Arundo_donax giant_reed
genus_Avena avena
Avena_sativa cereal_oat
wild_oat_grass wild_oat
Avena_fatua wild_oat
Avena_barbata slender_wild_oat
animated_oat wild_red_oat
Avene_sterilis wild_red_oat
genus_Bromus bromus
bromegrass brome
Bromus_inermis awnless_bromegrass
cheat chess
Bromus_secalinus chess
downy_bromegrass downy_brome
downy_cheat downy_brome
downy_chess downy_brome
cheatgrass downy_brome
drooping_brome downy_brome
Bromus_tectorum downy_brome
Bromus_arvensis field_brome
Japanese_chess japanese_brome
Bromus_japonicus japanese_brome
genus_Bouteloua bouteloua
grama_grass grama
gramma grama
gramma_grass grama
Bouteloua_gracilis blue_grama
Bouteloua_eriopoda black_grama
genus_Buchloe buchloe
Buchloe_dactyloides buffalo_grass
genus_Calamagrostis calamagrostis
feathertop feather_reed_grass
Calamagrostis_acutiflora feather_reed_grass
Calamagrostic_quadriseta australian_reed_grass
genus_Cenchrus cenchrus
bur_grass burgrass
sandspur sandbur
field_sandbur sandbur
Cenchrus_tribuloides sandbur
Cenchrus_ciliaris buffel_grass
Pennisetum_cenchroides buffel_grass
genus_Chloris chloris
Chloris_gayana rhodes_grass
creeping_windmill_grass windmill_grass
star_grass windmill_grass
Chloris_truncata windmill_grass
genus_Cortaderia cortaderia
Cortaderia_selloana pampas_grass
toe_toe plumed_tussock
toetoe plumed_tussock
Cortaderia_richardii plumed_tussock
Arundo_richardii plumed_tussock
genus_Cynodon cynodon
devil_grass bermuda_grass
Bahama_grass bermuda_grass
kweek bermuda_grass
doob bermuda_grass
scutch_grass bermuda_grass
star_grass bermuda_grass
Cynodon_dactylon bermuda_grass
Cynodon_plectostachyum giant_star_grass
genus_Dactylis dactylis
cocksfoot orchard_grass
cockspur orchard_grass
Dactylis_glomerata orchard_grass
genus_Dactyloctenium dactyloctenium
crowfoot_grass egyptian_grass
Dactyloctenium_aegypticum egyptian_grass
genus_Digitaria digitaria
crab_grass crabgrass
finger_grass crabgrass
Digitaria_ischaemum smooth_crabgrass
hairy_finger_grass large_crabgrass
Digitaria_sanguinalis large_crabgrass
genus_Echinochloa echinochloa
barn_grass barnyard_grass
barn_millet barnyard_grass
Echinochloa_crusgalli barnyard_grass
billion-dollar_grass japanese_millet
Japanese_barnyard_millet japanese_millet
sanwa_millet japanese_millet
Echinochloa_frumentacea japanese_millet
genus_Eleusine eleusine
yard_grass yardgrass
wire_grass yardgrass
goose_grass yardgrass
Eleusine_indica yardgrass
ragi finger_millet
ragee finger_millet
African_millet finger_millet
coracan finger_millet
corakan finger_millet
kurakkan finger_millet
Eleusine_coracana finger_millet
genus_Elymus elymus
Elymus_condensatus giant_ryegrass
Leymus_condensatus giant_ryegrass
European_dune_grass sea_lyme_grass
Elymus_arenarius sea_lyme_grass
Leymus_arenaria sea_lyme_grass
Elymus_canadensis canada_wild_rye
Elymus_caput-medusae medusa's_head
genus_Eragrostis eragrostis
bay_grass love_grass
teff_grass teff
Eragrostis_tef teff
Eragrostic_abyssinica teff
African_love_grass weeping_love_grass
Eragrostis_curvula weeping_love_grass
genus_Erianthus erianthus
wool_grass ravenna_grass
Erianthus_ravennae ravenna_grass
genus_Festuca festuca
fescue_grass fescue
meadow_fescue fescue
Festuca_elatior fescue
sheep's_fescue sheep_fescue
Festuca_ovina sheep_fescue
genus_Glyceria glyceria
sweet_grass manna_grass
Glyceria_grandis reed_meadow_grass
genus_Holcus holcus
Yorkshire_fog velvet_grass
Holcus_lanatus velvet_grass
Holcus_mollis creeping_soft_grass
genus_Hordeum hordeum
Hordeum_vulgare common_barley
wall_barley barley_grass
Hordeum_murinum barley_grass
foxtail_barley squirreltail_barley
squirreltail_grass squirreltail_barley
Hordeum_jubatum squirreltail_barley
Hordeum_pusillum little_barley
genus_Leymus leymus
genus_Lolium lolium
ryegrass rye_grass
English_ryegrass perennial_ryegrass
Lolium_perenne perennial_ryegrass
Italian_rye italian_ryegrass
Lolium_multiflorum italian_ryegrass
tare darnel
bearded_darnel darnel
cheat darnel
Lolium_temulentum darnel
genus_Muhlenbergia muhlenbergia
nimble_Will nimblewill
Muhlenbergia_schreberi nimblewill
genus_Oryza oryza
Oryza_sativa cultivated_rice
genus_Oryzopsis oryzopsis
rice_grass ricegrass
silkgrass mountain_rice
silk_grass mountain_rice
Indian_millet mountain_rice
Oryzopsis_hymenoides mountain_rice
smilo_grass smilo
Oryzopsis_miliacea smilo
genus_Panicum panicum
witch_grass witchgrass
old_witchgrass witchgrass
old_witch_grass witchgrass
tumble_grass witchgrass
Panicum_capillare witchgrass
Panicum_virgatum switch_grass
hog_millet broomcorn_millet
Panicum_miliaceum broomcorn_millet
Texas_millet goose_grass
Panicum_Texanum goose_grass
dallis_grass dallisgrass
paspalum dallisgrass
Paspalum_dilatatum dallisgrass
Paspalum_notatum bahia_grass
Paspalum_distichum knotgrass
genus_Pennisetum pennisetum
bulrush_millet pearl_millet
cattail_millet pearl_millet
Pennisetum_glaucum pearl_millet
Pennisetum_Americanum pearl_millet
Pennisetum_ruppelii fountain_grass
Pennisetum_setaceum fountain_grass
feathertop_grass feathertop
Pennistum_villosum feathertop
genus_Phalaris phalaris
gardener's_garters reed_canary_grass
lady's_laces reed_canary_grass
ribbon_grass reed_canary_grass
Phalaris_arundinacea reed_canary_grass
birdseed_grass canary_grass
Phalaris_canariensis canary_grass
Harding_grass hardinggrass
toowomba_canary_grass hardinggrass
Phalaris_aquatica hardinggrass
Phalaris_tuberosa hardinggrass
genus_Phleum phleum
herd's_grass timothy
Phleum_pratense timothy
genus_Phragmites phragmites
common_reed ditch_reed
carrizo ditch_reed
Phragmites_communis ditch_reed
genus_Poa poa
blue_grass bluegrass
meadow_grass meadowgrass
Kentucky_blue kentucky_bluegrass
Kentucy_blue_grass kentucky_bluegrass
June_grass kentucky_bluegrass
Poa_pratensis kentucky_bluegrass
Poa_nemoralis wood_meadowgrass
Agrostis_alba wood_meadowgrass
genus_Saccharum saccharum
sugar_cane sugarcane
Saccharum_officinarum sugarcane
sugar_cane sugarcane
munja munj
Saccharum_bengalense munj
Saccharum_munja munj
genus_Schizachyrium schizachyrium
prairie_grass broom_beard_grass
wire_grass broom_beard_grass
Andropogon_scoparius broom_beard_grass
Schizachyrium_scoparium broom_beard_grass
blue_stem bluestem
Andropogon_furcatus bluestem
Andropogon_gerardii bluestem
genus_Secale secale
Secale_cereale rye
genus_Setaria setaria
bristle_grass bristlegrass
yellow_bristle_grass yellow_bristlegrass
yellow_foxtail yellow_bristlegrass
glaucous_bristlegrass yellow_bristlegrass
Setaria_glauca yellow_bristlegrass
green_foxtail green_bristlegrass
rough_bristlegrass green_bristlegrass
bottle-grass green_bristlegrass
bottle_grass green_bristlegrass
Setaria_viridis green_bristlegrass
Italian_millet foxtail_millet
Hungarian_grass foxtail_millet
Setaria_italica foxtail_millet
Setaria_italica_rubrofructa siberian_millet
golden_wonder_millet german_millet
Setaria_italica_stramineofructa german_millet
rattan_cane rattan
Sorghum genus_sorghum
kaffir great_millet
kafir_corn great_millet
kaffir_corn great_millet
Sorghum_bicolor great_millet
doura durra
dourah durra
Egyptian_corn durra
Indian_millet durra
Guinea_corn durra
federita feterita
Sorghum_vulgare_caudatum feterita
milo_maize milo
Sorghum_vulgare_rosburghii shallu
sorgho sorgo
sweet_sorghum sorgo
sugar_sorghum sorgo
Aleppo_grass johnson_grass
means_grass johnson_grass
evergreen_millet johnson_grass
Sorghum_halepense johnson_grass
Sorghum_vulgare_technicum broomcorn
genus_Spartina spartina
cord_grass cordgrass
Spartina_cynosuroides salt_reed_grass
freshwater_cordgrass prairie_cordgrass
slough_grass prairie_cordgrass
Spartina_pectinmata prairie_cordgrass
genus_Sporobolus sporobolus
drop-seed dropseed
blackseed smut_grass
carpet_grass smut_grass
Sporobolus_poiretii smut_grass
Sporobolus_cryptandrus sand_dropseed
rush-grass rush_grass
genus_Stenotaphrum stenotaphrum
St._Augustine_grass st
Stenotaphrum_secundatum st
buffalo_grass st
cereal_grass cereal
genus_Triticum triticum
durum_wheat durum
hard_wheat durum
Triticum_durum durum
Triticum_turgidum durum
macaroni_wheat durum
Triticum_aestivum common_wheat
Triticum_spelta spelt
Triticum_aestivum_spelta spelt
starch_wheat emmer
two-grain_spelt emmer
Triticum_dicoccum emmer
wild_emmer wild_wheat
Triticum_dicoccum_dicoccoides wild_wheat
genus_Zea zea
maize corn
Indian_corn corn
Zea_mays corn
sugar_corn sweet_corn
green_corn sweet_corn
sweet_corn_plant sweet_corn
Zea_mays_rugosa sweet_corn
Zea_saccharata sweet_corn
Zea_mays_indentata dent_corn
flint_maize flint_corn
Yankee_corn flint_corn
Zea_mays_indurata flint_corn
flour_corn soft_corn
squaw_corn soft_corn
Zea_mays_amylacea soft_corn
Zea_mays_everta popcorn
corn_silk cornsilk
genus_Zizania zizania
Zizania_aquatica wild_rice
Zoisia genus_zoysia
genus_Zoisia genus_zoysia
Japanese_carpet_grass manila_grass
Zoysia_matrella manila_grass
Japanese_lawn_grass korean_lawn_grass
Zoysia_japonica korean_lawn_grass
Korean_velvet_grass mascarene_grass
Zoysia_tenuifolia mascarene_grass
tribe_Bambuseae bambuseae
genus_Bambusa bambusa
Bambusa_vulgaris common_bamboo
genus_Arundinaria arundinaria
cane_reed giant_cane
Arundinaria_gigantea giant_cane
switch_cane small_cane
Arundinaria_tecta small_cane
genus_Dendrocalamus dendrocalamus
kyo-chiku giant_bamboo
Dendrocalamus_giganteus giant_bamboo
genus_Phyllostachys phyllostachys
gosan-chiku fishpole_bamboo
hotei-chiku fishpole_bamboo
Phyllostachys_aurea fishpole_bamboo
kuri-chiku black_bamboo
Phyllostachys_nigra black_bamboo
madake giant_timber_bamboo
ku-chiku giant_timber_bamboo
Phyllostachys_bambusoides giant_timber_bamboo
family_Cyperaceae cyperaceae
sedge_family cyperaceae
genus_Cyperus cyperus
umbrella_sedge umbrella_plant
Cyperus_alternifolius umbrella_plant
yellow_nutgrass chufa
earth_almond chufa
ground_almond chufa
rush_nut chufa
Cyperus_esculentus chufa
galangal galingale
Cyperus_longus galingale
Egyptian_paper_reed papyrus
Egyptian_paper_rush papyrus
paper_rush papyrus
paper_plant papyrus
Cyperus_papyrus papyrus
nut_grass nutgrass
nutsedge nutgrass
nut_sedge nutgrass
Cyperus_rotundus nutgrass
genus_Carex carex
sand_reed sand_sedge
Carex_arenaria sand_sedge
Carex_pseudocyperus cypress_sedge
genus_Eriophorum eriophorum
cotton_rush cotton_grass
Eriophorum_angustifolium common_cotton_grass
genus_Scirpus scirpus
hardstemmed_bulrush hardstem_bulrush
Scirpus_acutus hardstem_bulrush
Scirpus_cyperinus wool_grass
genus_Eleocharis eleocharis
Chinese_water_chestnut water_chestnut
Eleocharis_dulcis water_chestnut
needle_rush needle_spike_rush
slender_spike_rush needle_spike_rush
hair_grass needle_spike_rush
Eleocharis_acicularis needle_spike_rush
Eleocharis_palustris creeping_spike_rush
order_Pandanales pandanales
family_Pandanaceae pandanaceae
screw-pine_family pandanaceae
screw_pine pandanus
lauhala textile_screw_pine
Pandanus_tectorius textile_screw_pine
family_Typhaceae typhaceae
cattail_family typhaceae
genus_Typha typha
bullrush cat's-tail
bulrush cat's-tail
nailrod cat's-tail
reed_mace cat's-tail
reedmace cat's-tail
Typha_latifolia cat's-tail
narrow-leaf_cattail lesser_bullrush
narrow-leaved_reedmace lesser_bullrush
soft_flag lesser_bullrush
Typha_angustifolia lesser_bullrush
family_Sparganiaceae sparganiaceae
bur-reed_family sparganiaceae
genus_Sparganium sparganium
caryopsis grain
family_Cucurbitaceae cucurbitaceae
gourd_family cucurbitaceae
gourd_vine gourd
genus_Cucurbita cucurbita
pumpkin_vine pumpkin
autumn_pumpkin pumpkin
Cucurbita_pepo pumpkin
squash_vine squash
summer_squash_vine summer_squash
Cucurbita_pepo_melopepo summer_squash
marrow_squash marrow
vegetable_marrow marrow
courgette zucchini
Italian_vegetable_marrow cocozelle
pattypan_squash cymling
winter_squash_plant winter_squash
Cucurbita_maxima hubbard_squash
Cucurbita_maxima_turbaniformis turban_squash
Cucurbita_maxima butternut_squash
winter_crookneck_squash winter_crookneck
Cucurbita_moschata winter_crookneck
Cucurbita_mixta cushaw
Cucurbita_argyrosperma cushaw
prairie_gourd_vine prairie_gourd
Missouri_gourd prairie_gourd
wild_pumpkin prairie_gourd
buffalo_gourd prairie_gourd
calabazilla prairie_gourd
Cucurbita_foetidissima prairie_gourd
briony bryony
devil's_turnip white_bryony
Bryonia_alba white_bryony
wild_hop red_bryony
Bryonia_dioica red_bryony
genus_Citrullus citrullus
melon_vine melon
watermelon_vine watermelon
Citrullus_vulgaris watermelon
genus_Cucumis cucumis
muskmelon sweet_melon
sweet_melon_vine sweet_melon
Cucumis_melo sweet_melon
cantaloup cantaloupe
cantaloupe_vine cantaloupe
cantaloup_vine cantaloupe
Cucumis_melo_cantalupensis cantaloupe
Persian_melon winter_melon
honeydew_melon winter_melon
winter_melon_vine winter_melon
Cucumis_melo_inodorus winter_melon
netted_melon net_melon
nutmeg_melon net_melon
Cucumis_melo_reticulatus net_melon
cucumber_vine cucumber
Cucumis_sativus cucumber
genus_Ecballium ecballium
exploding_cucumber squirting_cucumber
touch-me-not squirting_cucumber
Ecballium_elaterium squirting_cucumber
genus_Lagenaria lagenaria
calabash bottle_gourd
Lagenaria_siceraria bottle_gourd
dishcloth_gourd luffa
sponge_gourd luffa
rag_gourd luffa
strainer_vine luffa
vegetable_sponge loofah
Luffa_cylindrica loofah
sing-kwa angled_loofah
Luffa_acutangula angled_loofah
loofah loofa
luffa loofa
loufah_sponge loofa
genus_Momordica momordica
Momordica_balsamina balsam_apple
Momordica_charantia balsam_pear
family_Goodeniaceae goodeniaceae
Goodenia_family goodeniaceae
family_Lobeliaceae lobeliaceae
lobelia_family lobeliaceae
Indian_pink cardinal_flower
Lobelia_cardinalis cardinal_flower
bladderpod indian_tobacco
Lobelia_inflata indian_tobacco
Lobelia_dortmanna water_lobelia
blue_cardinal_flower great_lobelia
Lobelia_siphilitica great_lobelia
order_Malvales malvales
family_Malvaceae malvaceae
mallow_family malvaceae
genus_Malva malva
mus_rose musk_mallow
Malva_moschata musk_mallow
Malva_neglecta common_mallow
high_mallow tall_mallow
cheese tall_mallow
cheeseflower tall_mallow
Malva_sylvestris tall_mallow
genus_Abelmoschus abelmoschus
gumbo okra
okra_plant okra
lady's-finger okra
Abelmoschus_esculentus okra
Hibiscus_esculentus okra
musk_mallow abelmosk
Abelmoschus_moschatus abelmosk
Hibiscus_moschatus abelmosk
genus_Abutilon abutilon
velvet-leaf velvetleaf
velvetweed velvetleaf
Indian_mallow velvetleaf
butter-print velvetleaf
China_jute velvetleaf
Abutilon_theophrasti velvetleaf
genus_Alcea alcea
Alcea_rosea rose_mallow
Althea_rosea rose_mallow
althaea althea
hollyhock althea
white_mallow marsh_mallow
Althea_officinalis marsh_mallow
genus_Callirhoe callirhoe
Callirhoe_digitata fringed_poppy_mallow
Callirhoe_involucrata purple_poppy_mallow
Callirhoe_triangulata clustered_poppy_mallow
genus_Gossypium gossypium
cotton_plant cotton
Gossypium_arboreum tree_cotton
tree_cotton sea_island_cotton
Gossypium_barbadense sea_island_cotton
Gossypium_herbaceum levant_cotton
Gossypium_hirsutum upland_cotton
Gossypium_peruvianum peruvian_cotton
Arizona_wild_cotton wild_cotton
Gossypium_thurberi wild_cotton
kanaf kenaf
deccan_hemp kenaf
bimli kenaf
bimli_hemp kenaf
Indian_hemp kenaf
Bombay_hemp kenaf
Hibiscus_cannabinus kenaf
deccan_hemp kenaf
blue_mahoe cuban_bast
mahoe cuban_bast
majagua cuban_bast
mahagua cuban_bast
Hibiscus_elatus cuban_bast
Hibiscus_heterophyllus sorrel_tree
swamp_mallow rose_mallow
common_rose_mallow rose_mallow
swamp_rose_mallow rose_mallow
Hibiscus_moscheutos rose_mallow
Confederate_rose cotton_rose
Confederate_rose_mallow cotton_rose
Hibiscus_mutabilis cotton_rose
Chinese_hibiscus china_rose
Rose_of_China china_rose
shoeblack_plant china_rose
shoe_black china_rose
Hibiscus_rosa-sinensis china_rose
rozelle roselle
sorrel roselle
red_sorrel roselle
Jamaica_sorrel roselle
Hibiscus_sabdariffa roselle
Hibiscus_syriacus rose_of_sharon
majagua mahoe
mahagua mahoe
balibago mahoe
purau mahoe
Hibiscus_tiliaceus mahoe
flowers-of-an-hour flower-of-an-hour
bladder_ketmia flower-of-an-hour
black-eyed_Susan flower-of-an-hour
Hibiscus_trionum flower-of-an-hour
genus_Hoheria hoheria
ribbonwood lacebark
houhere lacebark
Hoheria_populnea lacebark
genus_Iliamna iliamna
Iliamna_remota wild_hollyhock
Sphaeralcea_remota wild_hollyhock
Iliamna_ruvularis mountain_hollyhock
Iliamna_acerifolia mountain_hollyhock
genus_Kosteletzya kosteletzya
Kosteletzya_virginica salt_marsh_mallow
genus_Lavatera lavatera
velvetleaf tree_mallow
velvet-leaf tree_mallow
Lavatera_arborea tree_mallow
genus_Malacothamnus malacothamnus
Malacothamnus_fasciculatus chaparral_mallow
Sphaeralcea_fasciculata chaparral_mallow
Malope_trifida malope
genus_Malvastrum malvastrum
genus_Malvaviscus malvaviscus
wax_mallow waxmallow
sleeping_hibiscus waxmallow
genus_Napaea napaea
Napaea_dioica glade_mallow
genus_Plagianthus plagianthus
ribbonwood ribbon_tree
Plagianthus_regius ribbon_tree
Plagianthus_betulinus ribbon_tree
genus_Radyera radyera
Radyera_farragei bush_hibiscus
Hibiscus_farragei bush_hibiscus
genus_Sida sida
Sida_hermaphrodita virginia_mallow
jellyleaf queensland_hemp
Sida_rhombifolia queensland_hemp
Sida_spinosa indian_mallow
genus_Sidalcea sidalcea
wild_hollyhock checkerbloom
Sidalcea_malviflora checkerbloom
genus_Sphaeralcea sphaeralcea
false_mallow globe_mallow
red_false_mallow prairie_mallow
Sphaeralcea_coccinea prairie_mallow
Malvastrum_coccineum prairie_mallow
genus_Thespesia thespesia
bendy_tree portia_tree
seaside_mahoe portia_tree
Thespesia_populnea portia_tree
family_Bombacaceae bombacaceae
genus_Bombax bombax
simal red_silk-cotton_tree
Bombax_ceiba red_silk-cotton_tree
Bombax_malabarica red_silk-cotton_tree
genus_Adansonia adansonia
sour_gourd cream-of-tartar_tree
Adansonia_gregorii cream-of-tartar_tree
monkey-bread_tree baobab
Adansonia_digitata baobab
genus_Ceiba ceiba
ceiba_tree kapok
silk-cotton_tree kapok
white_silk-cotton_tree kapok
Bombay_ceiba kapok
God_tree kapok
Ceiba_pentandra kapok
genus_Durio durio
durion durian
durian_tree durian
Durio_zibethinus durian
genus_Ochroma ochroma
Ochroma_lagopus balsa
balsa_wood balsa
genus_Pseudobombax pseudobombax
Pseudobombax_ellipticum shaving-brush_tree
family_Elaeocarpaceae elaeocarpaceae
elaeocarpus_family elaeocarpaceae
genus_Elaeocarpus elaeocarpus
quandong_tree quandong
Brisbane_quandong quandong
silver_quandong_tree quandong
blue_fig quandong
Elaeocarpus_grandis quandong
blue_fig quandong
genus_Aristotelia aristotelia
New_Zealand_wine_berry makomako
wineberry makomako
Aristotelia_serrata makomako
Aristotelia_racemosa makomako
genus_Muntingia muntingia
calabur_tree jamaican_cherry
calabura jamaican_cherry
silk_wood jamaican_cherry
silkwood jamaican_cherry
Muntingia_calabura jamaican_cherry
genus_Sloanea sloanea
breakaxe breakax
break-axe breakax
Sloanea_jamaicensis breakax
family_Sterculiaceae sterculiaceae
sterculia_family sterculiaceae
Sterculia_apetala panama_tree
Java_olives kalumpang
Sterculia_foetida kalumpang
genus_Brachychiton brachychiton
bottle_tree bottle-tree
flame_durrajong flame_tree
Brachychiton_acerifolius flame_tree
Sterculia_acerifolia flame_tree
broad-leaved_bottletree flame_tree
Brachychiton_australis flame_tree
currajong kurrajong
Brachychiton_populneus kurrajong
narrow-leaved_bottletree queensland_bottletree
Brachychiton_rupestris queensland_bottletree
Sterculia_rupestris queensland_bottletree
genus_Cola cola
kola_nut kola
kola_nut_tree kola
goora_nut kola
Cola_acuminata kola
cola_nut kola_nut
genus_Firmiana firmiana
Chinese_parasol chinese_parasol_tree
Japanese_varnish_tree chinese_parasol_tree
phoenix_tree chinese_parasol_tree
Firmiana_simplex chinese_parasol_tree
genus_Fremontodendron fremontodendron
Fremontia fremontodendron
genus_Fremontia fremontodendron
flannel_bush flannelbush
California_beauty flannelbush
genus_Helicteres helicteres
Helicteres_isora nut-leaved_screw_tree
genus_Heritiera heritiera
Terrietia heritiera
genus_Terrietia heritiera
brown_oak red_beech
booyong red_beech
crow's_foot red_beech
stave_wood red_beech
silky_elm red_beech
Heritiera_trifoliolata red_beech
Terrietia_trifoliolata red_beech
Heritiera_macrophylla looking_glass_tree
Heritiera_littoralis looking-glass_plant
genus_Hermannia hermannia
honeybells honey_bell
Hermannia_verticillata honey_bell
Mahernia_verticillata honey_bell
genus_Pterospermum pterospermum
maple-leaved_bayur mayeng
Pterospermum_acerifolium mayeng
genus_Tarrietia tarrietia
Tarrietia_argyrodendron silver_tree
genus_Theobroma theobroma
cacao_tree cacao
chocolate_tree cacao
Theobroma_cacao cacao
genus_Triplochiton triplochiton
obechi obeche
arere obeche
samba obeche
Triplochiton_scleroxcylon obeche
family_Tiliaceae tiliaceae
linden_family tiliaceae
genus_Tilia tilia
linden_tree linden
basswood linden
lime linden
lime_tree linden
linden basswood
American_lime american_basswood
Tilia_americana american_basswood
small-leaved_lime small-leaved_linden
Tilia_cordata small-leaved_linden
cottonwood white_basswood
Tilia_heterophylla white_basswood
Japanese_lime japanese_linden
Tilia_japonica japanese_linden
silver_linden silver_lime
Tilia_tomentosa silver_lime
genus_Entelea entelea
genus_Corchorus corchorus
genus_Grewia grewia
Grewia_asiatica phalsa
genus_Sparmannia sparmannia
Sparmannia_africana african_hemp
herbaceous_plant herb
subclass_Rosidae rosidae
order_Umbellales umbellales
order_Proteales proteales
family_Proteaceae proteaceae
protea_family proteaceae
genus_Bartle-Frere bartle_frere
green_dinosaur bartle_frere
king_protea honeypot
Protea_cynaroides honeypot
honey-flower honeyflower
Protea_mellifera honeyflower
Australian_honeysuckle honeysuckle
coast_banksia honeysuckle
Banksia_integrifolia honeysuckle
genus_Conospermum conospermum
genus_Embothrium embothrium
Chilean_flameflower chilean_firebush
Embothrium_coccineum chilean_firebush
genus_Guevina guevina
Chile_nut chilean_nut
Chile_hazel chilean_nut
Chilean_hazelnut chilean_nut
Guevina_heterophylla chilean_nut
Guevina_avellana chilean_nut
Grevillea_banksii red-flowered_silky_oak
Grevillela_parallela silver_oak
Grevillea_robusta silky_oak
Grevillea_striata beefwood
genus_Hakea hakea
pincushion_hakea cushion_flower
Hakea_laurina cushion_flower
needle-wood needlewood
needle_wood needlewood
Hakea_leucoptera needlewood
needle-bush needlebush
needle_bush needlebush
Hakea_lissosperma needlebush
genus_Knightia knightia
New_Zealand_honeysuckle rewa-rewa
genus_Lambertia lambertia
honey-flower honeyflower
mountain_devil honeyflower
Lambertia_formosa honeyflower
genus_Leucadendron leucadendron
Leucadendron_argenteum silver_tree
macadamia_tree macadamia
macadamia_nut_tree macadamia_nut
Macadamia_ternifolia macadamia_nut
Macadamia_tetraphylla queensland_nut
genus_Orites orites
Orites_excelsa prickly_ash
genus_Persoonia persoonia
genus_Stenocarpus stenocarpus
firewheel_tree wheel_tree
Stenocarpus_sinuatus wheel_tree
beefwood scrub_beefwood
Stenocarpus_salignus scrub_beefwood
genus_Telopea telopea
Telopea_Oreades waratah
Telopea_speciosissima waratah
genus_Xylomelum xylomelum
woody_pear native_pear
Xylomelum_pyriforme native_pear
order_Casuarinales casuarinales
family_Casuarinaceae casuarinaceae
Casuarina_equisetfolia australian_pine
order_Ericales ericales
family_Ericaceae ericaceae
heath_family ericaceae
true_heath erica
briar tree_heath
brier tree_heath
Erica_arborea tree_heath
brierwood briarwood
brier-wood briarwood
spring_heath winter_heath
Erica_carnea winter_heath
heather_bell bell_heather
fine-leaved_heath bell_heather
Erica_cinerea bell_heather
bell_heather cross-leaved_heath
Erica_tetralix cross-leaved_heath
Erica_vagans cornish_heath
Portuguese_heath spanish_heath
Erica_lusitanica spanish_heath
Prince_of_Wales_heath prince-of-wales'-heath
Erica_perspicua prince-of-wales'-heath
moorwort bog_rosemary
Andromeda_glaucophylla bog_rosemary
common_bog_rosemary marsh_andromeda
Andromeda_polifolia marsh_andromeda
madrono madrona
manzanita madrona
Arbutus_menziesii madrona
Irish_strawberry strawberry_tree
Arbutus_unedo strawberry_tree
genus_Arctostaphylos arctostaphylos
red_bearberry common_bearberry
wild_cranberry common_bearberry
mealberry common_bearberry
hog_cranberry common_bearberry
sand_berry common_bearberry
sandberry common_bearberry
mountain_box common_bearberry
bear's_grape common_bearberry
creashak common_bearberry
Arctostaphylos_uva-ursi common_bearberry
black_bearberry alpine_bearberry
Arctostaphylos_alpina alpine_bearberry
Arctostaphylos_andersonii heartleaf_manzanita
Arctostaphylos_manzanita parry_manzanita
woolly_manzanita downy_manzanita
Arctostaphylos_tomentosa downy_manzanita
genus_Bruckenthalia bruckenthalia
Bruckenthalia_spiculifolia spike_heath
genus_Calluna calluna
ling heather
Scots_heather heather
broom heather
Calluna_vulgaris heather
genus_Cassiope cassiope
Cassiope_mertensiana white_heather
genus_Chamaedaphne chamaedaphne
Chamaedaphne_calyculata leatherleaf
genus_Daboecia daboecia
St._Dabeoc's_heath connemara_heath
Daboecia_cantabrica connemara_heath
genus_Epigaea epigaea
mayflower trailing_arbutus
Epigaea_repens trailing_arbutus
genus_Gaultheria gaultheria
moxie_plum creeping_snowberry
maidenhair_berry creeping_snowberry
Gaultheria_hispidula creeping_snowberry
wintergreen teaberry
checkerberry teaberry
mountain_tea teaberry
groundberry teaberry
ground-berry teaberry
creeping_wintergreen teaberry
Gaultheria_procumbens teaberry
shallon salal
Gaultheria_shallon salal
genus_Gaylussacia gaylussacia
Gaylussacia_baccata black_huckleberry
dangle-berry dangleberry
Gaylussacia_frondosa dangleberry
Gaylussacia_brachycera box_huckleberry
wood_laurel mountain_laurel
American_laurel mountain_laurel
calico_bush mountain_laurel
Kalmia_latifolia mountain_laurel
bog_laurel swamp_laurel
bog_kalmia swamp_laurel
Kalmia_polifolia swamp_laurel
pig_laurel sheep_laurel
lambkill sheep_laurel
Kalmia_angustifolia sheep_laurel
genus_Ledum ledum
crystal_tea labrador_tea
Ledum_groenlandicum labrador_tea
glandular_Labrador_tea trapper's_tea
marsh_tea wild_rosemary
Ledum_palustre wild_rosemary
genus_Leiophyllum leiophyllum
Leiophyllum_buxifolium sand_myrtle
dog_hobble dog_laurel
switch-ivy dog_laurel
Leucothoe_fontanesiana dog_laurel
Leucothoe_editorum dog_laurel
Leucothoe_racemosa sweet_bells
genus_Loiseleuria loiseleuria
mountain_azalea alpine_azalea
Loiseleuria_procumbens alpine_azalea
genus_Lyonia lyonia
stagger_bush staggerbush
Lyonia_mariana staggerbush
male_berry maleberry
privet_andromeda maleberry
he-huckleberry maleberry
Lyonia_ligustrina maleberry
fetter_bush fetterbush
shiny_lyonia fetterbush
Lyonia_lucida fetterbush
genus_Menziesia menziesia
fool's_huckleberry false_azalea
Menziesia_ferruginea false_azalea
minnie_bush minniebush
Menziesia_pilosa minniebush
genus_Oxydendrum oxydendrum
sourwood sorrel_tree
titi sorrel_tree
Oxydendrum_arboreum sorrel_tree
genus_Phyllodoce phyllodoce
Phyllodoce_caerulea mountain_heath
Bryanthus_taxifolius mountain_heath
Brewer's_mountain_heather purple_heather
Phyllodoce_breweri purple_heather
genus_Pieris pieris
Japanese_andromeda andromeda
lily-of-the-valley_tree andromeda
Pieris_japonica andromeda
mountain_fetterbush fetterbush
mountain_andromeda fetterbush
Pieris_floribunda fetterbush
Rhododendron_californicum coast_rhododendron
Rhododendron_maxima rosebay
swamp_honeysuckle swamp_azalea
white_honeysuckle swamp_azalea
Rhododendron_viscosum swamp_azalea
Azaleastrum subgenus_azalea
subgenus_Azaleastrum subgenus_azalea
genus_Vaccinium vaccinium
large_cranberry american_cranberry
Vaccinium_macrocarpon american_cranberry
small_cranberry european_cranberry
Vaccinium_oxycoccus european_cranberry
blueberry_bush blueberry
sparkleberry farkleberry
Vaccinium_arboreum farkleberry
low_blueberry low-bush_blueberry
Vaccinium_angustifolium low-bush_blueberry
Vaccinium_pennsylvanicum low-bush_blueberry
rabbit-eye_blueberry rabbiteye_blueberry
rabbiteye rabbiteye_blueberry
Vaccinium_ashei rabbiteye_blueberry
dwarf_blueberry dwarf_bilberry
Vaccinium_caespitosum dwarf_bilberry
tall_bilberry high-bush_blueberry
swamp_blueberry high-bush_blueberry
Vaccinium_corymbosum high-bush_blueberry
Vaccinium_myrsinites evergreen_blueberry
Vaccinium_ovatum evergreen_huckleberry
thin-leaved_bilberry bilberry
mountain_blue_berry bilberry
Viccinium_membranaceum bilberry
whortleberry bilberry
whinberry bilberry
blaeberry bilberry
Viccinium_myrtillus bilberry
bog_whortleberry bog_bilberry
moor_berry bog_bilberry
Vaccinium_uliginosum_alpinum bog_bilberry
dryland_berry dryland_blueberry
Vaccinium_pallidum dryland_blueberry
grouse-berry grouseberry
grouse_whortleberry grouseberry
Vaccinium_scoparium grouseberry
squaw_huckleberry deerberry
Vaccinium_stamineum deerberry
mountain_cranberry cowberry
lingonberry cowberry
lingenberry cowberry
lingberry cowberry
foxberry cowberry
Vaccinium_vitis-idaea cowberry
family_Clethraceae clethraceae
white-alder_family clethraceae
genus_Clethra clethra
pepper_bush sweet_pepperbush
summer_sweet sweet_pepperbush
white_alder sweet_pepperbush
Clethra_alnifolia sweet_pepperbush
family_Diapensiaceae diapensiaceae
diapensia_family diapensiaceae
order_Diapensiales diapensiales
galaxy galax
wandflower galax
beetleweed galax
coltsfoot galax
Galax_urceolata galax
genus_Pyxidanthera pyxidanthera
pixie pyxie
pixy pyxie
Pyxidanthera_barbulata pyxie
Shortia_galacifolia oconee_bells
family_Epacridaceae epacridaceae
epacris_family epacridaceae
Epacris_impressa common_heath
blunt-leaf_heath common_heath
Epacris_obtusifolia common_heath
Epacris_purpurascens port_jackson_heath
genus_Astroloma astroloma
groundberry native_cranberry
ground-berry native_cranberry
cranberry_heath native_cranberry
Astroloma_humifusum native_cranberry
Styphelia_humifusum native_cranberry
genus_Richea richea
Richea_dracophylla australian_grass_tree
grass_tree tree_heath
Richea_pandanifolia tree_heath
genus_Styphelia styphelia
Styphelia_triflora pink_fivecorner
family_Lennoaceae lennoaceae
family_Pyrolaceae pyrolaceae
wintergreen_family pyrolaceae
pyrola wintergreen
Pyrola_americana false_wintergreen
Pyrola_rotundifolia_americana false_wintergreen
Pyrola_minor lesser_wintergreen
shinleaf wild_lily_of_the_valley
Pyrola_elliptica wild_lily_of_the_valley
Pyrola_rotundifolia wild_lily_of_the_valley
genus_Orthilia orthilia
genus_Chimaphila chimaphila
prince's_pine pipsissewa
western_prince's_pine love-in-winter
Chimaphila_umbellata love-in-winter
Chimaphila_corymbosa love-in-winter
genus_Moneses moneses
one-flowered_pyrola one-flowered_wintergreen
Moneses_uniflora one-flowered_wintergreen
Pyrola_uniflora one-flowered_wintergreen
family_Monotropaceae monotropaceae
genus_Monotropa monotropa
waxflower indian_pipe
Monotropa_uniflora indian_pipe
genus_Hypopitys hypopitys
false_beachdrops pinesap
Monotropa_hypopithys pinesap
genus_Sarcodes sarcodes
Sarcodes_sanguinea snow_plant
order_Fagales fagales
family_Fagaceae fagaceae
beech_family fagaceae
genus_Fagus fagus
beech_tree beech
beechwood beech
European_beech common_beech
Fagus_sylvatica common_beech
purple_beech copper_beech
Fagus_sylvatica_atropunicea copper_beech
Fagus_purpurea copper_beech
Fagus_sylvatica_purpurea copper_beech
white_beech american_beech
red_beech american_beech
Fagus_grandifolia american_beech
Fagus_americana american_beech
Fagus_pendula weeping_beech
Fagus_sylvatica_pendula weeping_beech
genus_Castanea castanea
chestnut_tree chestnut
American_sweet_chestnut american_chestnut
Castanea_dentata american_chestnut
sweet_chestnut european_chestnut
Spanish_chestnut european_chestnut
Castanea_sativa european_chestnut
Castanea_mollissima chinese_chestnut
Castanea_crenata japanese_chestnut
eastern_chinquapin allegheny_chinkapin
chinquapin allegheny_chinkapin
dwarf_chestnut allegheny_chinkapin
Castanea_pumila allegheny_chinkapin
Ozark_chinquapin ozark_chinkapin
chinquapin ozark_chinkapin
Castanea_ozarkensis ozark_chinkapin
genus_Castanopsis castanopsis
genus_Chrysolepis chrysolepis
golden_chinkapin giant_chinkapin
Chrysolepis_chrysophylla giant_chinkapin
Castanea_chrysophylla giant_chinkapin
Castanopsis_chrysophylla giant_chinkapin
Chrysolepis_sempervirens dwarf_golden_chinkapin
genus_Lithocarpus lithocarpus
Lithocarpus_densiflorus tanbark_oak
Lithocarpus_glabra japanese_oak
Lithocarpus_glaber japanese_oak
genus_Nothofagus nothofagus
evergreen_beech southern_beech
Nothofagus_cuninghamii myrtle_beech
Nothofagus_dombeyi coigue
Nothofagus_menziesii silver_beech
Nothofagus_obliqua roble_beech
Nothofagus_procera rauli_beech
Nothofagus_solanderi black_beech
Nothofagus_truncata hard_beech
acorn_cup cupule
genus_Quercus quercus
oak_tree oak
California_live_oak coast_live_oak
Quercus_agrifolia coast_live_oak
Quercus_alba american_white_oak
Quercus_arizonica arizona_white_oak
swamp_oak swamp_white_oak
Quercus_bicolor swamp_white_oak
turkey_oak european_turkey_oak
Quercus_cerris european_turkey_oak
canyon_live_oak canyon_oak
maul_oak canyon_oak
iron_oak canyon_oak
Quercus_chrysolepis canyon_oak
Quercus_coccinea scarlet_oak
northern_pin_oak jack_oak
Quercus_ellipsoidalis jack_oak
swamp_red_oak southern_red_oak
turkey_oak southern_red_oak
Quercus_falcata southern_red_oak
Oregon_oak oregon_white_oak
Garry_oak oregon_white_oak
Quercus_garryana oregon_white_oak
holm_tree holm_oak
holly-leaved_oak holm_oak
evergreen_oak holm_oak
Quercus_ilex holm_oak
Quercus_ilicifolia bear_oak
laurel_oak shingle_oak
Quercus_imbricaria shingle_oak
turkey_oak bluejack_oak
Quercus_incana bluejack_oak
Quercus_kelloggii california_black_oak
turkey_oak american_turkey_oak
Quercus_laevis american_turkey_oak
pin_oak laurel_oak
Quercus_laurifolia laurel_oak
valley_oak california_white_oak
valley_white_oak california_white_oak
roble california_white_oak
Quercus_lobata california_white_oak
Quercus_lyrata overcup_oak
burr_oak bur_oak
mossy-cup_oak bur_oak
mossycup_oak bur_oak
Quercus_macrocarpa bur_oak
blackjack blackjack_oak
jack_oak blackjack_oak
Quercus_marilandica blackjack_oak
Quercus_michauxii swamp_chestnut_oak
Quercus_mongolica japanese_oak
Quercus_grosseserrata japanese_oak
chinkapin_oak chinquapin_oak
yellow_chestnut_oak chinquapin_oak
Quercus_muehlenbergii chinquapin_oak
seaside_scrub_oak myrtle_oak
Quercus_myrtifolia myrtle_oak
possum_oak water_oak
Quercus_nigra water_oak
Nuttall's_oak nuttall_oak
Quercus_nuttalli nuttall_oak
Quercus_petraea durmast
Quercus_sessiliflora durmast
cow_oak basket_oak
Quercus_prinus basket_oak
Quercus_montana basket_oak
swamp_oak pin_oak
Quercus_palustris pin_oak
Quercus_phellos willow_oak
dwarf_chinquapin_oak dwarf_chinkapin_oak
dwarf_oak dwarf_chinkapin_oak
Quercus_prinoides dwarf_chinkapin_oak
English_oak common_oak
pedunculate_oak common_oak
Quercus_robur common_oak
Quercus_rubra northern_red_oak
Quercus_borealis northern_red_oak
Shumard_red_oak shumard_oak
Quercus_shumardii shumard_oak
box_white_oak post_oak
brash_oak post_oak
iron_oak post_oak
Quercus_stellata post_oak
Quercus_suber cork_oak
Quercus_texana spanish_oak
Quercus_vaccinifolia huckleberry_oak
Quercus_variabilis chinese_cork_oak
yellow_oak black_oak
quercitron black_oak
quercitron_oak black_oak
Quercus_velutina black_oak
Quercus_virginiana southern_live_oak
Quercus_wislizenii interior_live_oak
Quercus_wizlizenii interior_live_oak
family_Betulaceae betulaceae
birch_family betulaceae
genus_Betula betula
birch_tree birch
Betula_alleghaniensis yellow_birch
Betula_leutea yellow_birch
paper_birch american_white_birch
paperbark_birch american_white_birch
canoe_birch american_white_birch
Betula_cordifolia american_white_birch
Betula_papyrifera american_white_birch
gray_birch grey_birch
American_grey_birch grey_birch
American_gray_birch grey_birch
Betula_populifolia grey_birch
common_birch silver_birch
European_white_birch silver_birch
Betula_pendula silver_birch
white_birch downy_birch
Betula_pubescens downy_birch
river_birch black_birch
red_birch black_birch
Betula_nigra black_birch
cherry_birch sweet_birch
black_birch sweet_birch
Betula_lenta sweet_birch
Betula_neoalaskana yukon_white_birch
water_birch swamp_birch
mountain_birch swamp_birch
Western_paper_birch swamp_birch
Western_birch swamp_birch
Betula_fontinalis swamp_birch
American_dwarf_birch newfoundland_dwarf_birch
Betula_glandulosa newfoundland_dwarf_birch
genus_Alnus alnus
alder_tree alder
European_black_alder common_alder
Alnus_glutinosa common_alder
Alnus_vulgaris common_alder
gray_alder grey_alder
Alnus_incana grey_alder
Alnus_maritima seaside_alder
mountain_alder white_alder
Alnus_rhombifolia white_alder
Oregon_alder red_alder
Alnus_rubra red_alder
Alnus_rugosa speckled_alder
hazel_alder smooth_alder
Alnus_serrulata smooth_alder
Alnus_veridis green_alder
Alnus_veridis_crispa green_alder
Alnus_crispa green_alder
subfamily_Carpinaceae carpinaceae
family_Carpinaceae carpinaceae
genus_Carpinus carpinus
Carpinus_betulus european_hornbeam
Carpinus_caroliniana american_hornbeam
genus_Ostrya ostrya
Ostrya_carpinifolia old_world_hop_hornbeam
ironwood eastern_hop_hornbeam
ironwood_tree eastern_hop_hornbeam
Ostrya_virginiana eastern_hop_hornbeam
genus_Ostryopsis ostryopsis
subfamily_Corylaceae corylaceae
family_Corylaceae corylaceae
genus_Corylus corylus
hazel hazelnut
hazelnut_tree hazelnut
Corylus_americana american_hazel
filbert cobnut
Corylus_avellana cobnut
Corylus_avellana_grandis cobnut
Corylus_cornuta beaked_hazelnut
order_Gentianales gentianales
family_Gentianaceae gentianaceae
gentian_family gentianaceae
genus_Centaurium centaurium
Centaurium_calycosum rosita
Centaurium_minus lesser_centaury
Centaurium_scilloides tufted_centaury
genus_Eustoma eustoma
tulip_gentian prairie_gentian
bluebell prairie_gentian
Eustoma_grandiflorum prairie_gentian
genus_Exacum exacum
Exacum_affine persian_violet
genus_Frasera frasera
American_columbo columbo
deer's-ear columbo
deer's-ears columbo
pyramid_plant columbo
American_gentian columbo
Frasera_speciosa green_gentian
Swertia_speciosa green_gentian
genus_Gentiana gentiana
Gentiana_acaulis gentianella
blind_gentian closed_gentian
bottle_gentian closed_gentian
Gentiana_andrewsii closed_gentian
Gentiana_calycosa explorer's_gentian
blind_gentian closed_gentian
Gentiana_clausa closed_gentian
Gentiana_lutea great_yellow_gentian
calathian_violet marsh_gentian
Gentiana_pneumonanthe marsh_gentian
Gentiana_saponaria soapwort_gentian
Gentiana_villosa striped_gentian
genus_Gentianella gentianella
ague_weed agueweed
five-flowered_gentian agueweed
stiff_gentian agueweed
Gentianella_quinquefolia agueweed
Gentiana_quinquefolia agueweed
gentianella_amarella felwort
genus_Gentianopsis gentianopsis
Gentiana_crinita gentianopsis_crinita
Gentiana_detonsa gentianopsis_detonsa
Gentiana_procera gentianopsid_procera
Gentiana_thermalis gentianopsis_thermalis
Gentianopsis_holopetala tufted_gentian
Gentiana_holopetala tufted_gentian
genus_Halenia halenia
rose_pink marsh_pink
bitter_floom marsh_pink
American_centaury marsh_pink
Sabbatia_stellaris marsh_pink
Sabbatia_Angularis marsh_pink
Texas_star prairia_sabbatia
Sabbatia_campestris prairia_sabbatia
genus_Swertia swertia
Swertia_perennia marsh_felwort
family_Salvadoraceae salvadoraceae
Salvadora_family salvadoraceae
genus_Salvadora salvadora
mustard_tree toothbrush_tree
Salvadora_persica toothbrush_tree
family_Oleaceae oleaceae
olive_family oleaceae
order_Oleales oleales
genus_Olea olea
European_olive_tree olive
Olea_europaea olive
Olea_cunninghamii black_maire
Olea_lanceolata white_maire
genus_Chionanthus chionanthus
Chionanthus_virginicus fringe_bush
desert_olive tanglebush
Forestiera_neomexicana tanglebush
genus_Fraxinus fraxinus
ash_tree ash
Fraxinus_Americana white_ash
Fraxinus_caroliniana swamp_ash
Fraxinus_cuspidata flowering_ash
Fraxinus_dipetala flowering_ash
common_European_ash european_ash
Fraxinus_excelsior european_ash
Fraxinus_latifolia oregon_ash
Fraxinus_oregona oregon_ash
basket_ash black_ash
brown_ash black_ash
hoop_ash black_ash
Fraxinus_nigra black_ash
flowering_ash manna_ash
Fraxinus_ornus manna_ash
downy_ash red_ash
Fraxinus_pennsylvanica red_ash
Fraxinus_pennsylvanica_subintegerrima green_ash
Fraxinus_quadrangulata blue_ash
Fraxinus_texensis mountain_ash
Fraxinus_tomentosa pumpkin_ash
Fraxinus_velutina arizona_ash
genus_Jasminum jasminum
Jasminum_mesnyi primrose_jasmine
Jasminum_nudiflorum winter_jasmine
true_jasmine common_jasmine
jessamine common_jasmine
Jasminum_officinale common_jasmine
Jasminum_sambac arabian_jasmine
genus_Ligustrum ligustrum
Ligustrum_amurense amur_privet
ibota_privet ibolium_privet
Ligustrum_ibolium ibolium_privet
Ligustrum_japonicum japanese_privet
white_wax_tree chinese_privet
Ligustrum_lucidum chinese_privet
Ligustrum_ovalifolium california_privet
Ligustrum_vulgare common_privet
genus_Osmanthus osmanthus
American_olive devilwood
Osmanthus_americanus devilwood
genus_Phillyrea phillyrea
genus_Syringa syringa
Syringa_emodi himalayan_lilac
Syringa_josikaea hungarian_lilac
Syringa_josikea hungarian_lilac
Syringa_persica persian_lilac
Syringa_reticulata japanese_tree_lilac
Syringa_amurensis_japonica japanese_tree_lilac
Syringa_villosa japanese_lilac
Syringa_vulgaris common_lilac
family_Haemodoraceae haemodoraceae
bloodwort_family haemodoraceae
genus_Haemodorum haemodorum
genus_Anigozanthus anigozanthus
kangaroo's_paw kangaroo_paw
kangaroo's-foot kangaroo_paw
kangaroo-foot_plant kangaroo_paw
Australian_sword_lily kangaroo_paw
Anigozanthus_manglesii kangaroo_paw
subclass_Hamamelidae hamamelidae
group_Amentiferae amentiferae
genus_Hamamelidanthum hamamelidanthum
genus_Hamamelidoxylon hamamelidoxylon
genus_Hamamelites hamamelites
family_Hamamelidaceae hamamelidaceae
witch-hazel_family hamamelidaceae
genus_Hamamelis hamamelis
witch_hazel_plant witch_hazel
wych_hazel witch_hazel
wych_hazel_plant witch_hazel
Hamamelis_virginiana virginian_witch_hazel
Hamamelis_vernalis vernal_witch_hazel
genus_Corylopsis corylopsis
flowering_hazel winter_hazel
Fothergilla genus_fothergilla
witch_alder fothergilla
Liquidambar genus_liquidambar
sweet_gum_tree sweet_gum
bilsted sweet_gum
red_gum sweet_gum
American_sweet_gum sweet_gum
Liquidambar_styraciflua sweet_gum
liquidambar sweet_gum
satin_walnut sweet_gum
hazelwood sweet_gum
red_gum sweet_gum
genus_Parrotia parrotia
iron-tree iron_tree
ironwood iron_tree
ironwood_tree iron_tree
genus_Parrotiopsis parrotiopsis
order_Juglandales juglandales
family_Juglandaceae juglandaceae
walnut_family juglandaceae
genus_Juglans juglans
walnut_tree walnut
Juglans_californica california_black_walnut
butternut_tree butternut
white_walnut butternut
Juglans_cinerea butternut
black_walnut_tree black_walnut
black_hickory black_walnut
Juglans_nigra black_walnut
English_walnut_tree english_walnut
Circassian_walnut english_walnut
Persian_walnut english_walnut
Juglans_regia english_walnut
genus_Carya carya
hickory_tree hickory
bitter_pecan water_hickory
water_bitternut water_hickory
Carya_aquatica water_hickory
pignut_hickory pignut
brown_hickory pignut
black_hickory pignut
Carya_glabra pignut
bitternut_hickory bitternut
bitter_hickory bitternut
bitter_pignut bitternut
swamp_hickory bitternut
Carya_cordiformis bitternut
pecan_tree pecan
Carya_illinoensis pecan
Carya_illinoinsis pecan
big_shellbark_hickory big_shellbark
big_shagbark big_shellbark
king_nut big_shellbark
king_nut_hickory big_shellbark
Carya_laciniosa big_shellbark
Carya_myristicaeformis nutmeg_hickory
Carya_myristiciformis nutmeg_hickory
shagbark_hickory shagbark
shellbark shagbark
shellbark_hickory shagbark
Carya_ovata shagbark
mockernut_hickory mockernut
black_hickory mockernut
white-heart_hickory mockernut
big-bud_hickory mockernut
Carya_tomentosa mockernut
genus_Pterocarya pterocarya
wing-nut wing_nut
Pterocarya_fraxinifolia caucasian_walnut
order_Myrtales myrtales
Thymelaeales myrtales
order_Thymelaeales myrtales
family_Combretaceae combretaceae
combretum_family combretaceae
dhava dhawa
hiccough_nut hiccup_nut
Combretum_bracteosum hiccup_nut
Combretum_appiculatum bush_willow
Combretum_erythrophyllum bush_willow
genus_Conocarpus conocarpus
button_mangrove button_tree
Conocarpus_erectus button_tree
genus_Laguncularia laguncularia
Laguncularia_racemosa white_mangrove
family_Elaeagnaceae elaeagnaceae
oleaster_family elaeagnaceae
genus_Elaeagnus elaeagnus
Elaeagnus_latifolia wild_olive
silver_berry silverberry
silverbush silverberry
silver-bush silverberry
Elaeagnus_commutata silverberry
silver_berry russian_olive
Elaeagnus_augustifolia russian_olive
family_Haloragidaceae haloragidaceae
Haloragaceae haloragidaceae
family_Haloragaceae haloragidaceae
water-milfoil_family haloragidaceae
genus_Myriophyllum myriophyllum
family_Lecythidaceae lecythidaceae
genus_Grias grias
anchovy_pear_tree anchovy_pear
Grias_cauliflora anchovy_pear
genus_Bertholletia bertholletia
brazil-nut_tree brazil_nut
Bertholletia_excelsa brazil_nut
family_Lythraceae lythraceae
loosestrife_family lythraceae
genus_Lythrum lythrum
spiked_loosestrife purple_loosestrife
Lythrum_salicaria purple_loosestrife
hyssop_loosestrife grass_poly
Lythrum_hyssopifolia grass_poly
genus_Lagerstroemia lagerstroemia
crepe_myrtle crape_myrtle
crepe_flower crape_myrtle
Lagerstroemia_indica crape_myrtle
pride-of-India queen's_crape_myrtle
Lagerstroemia_speciosa queen's_crape_myrtle
family_Myrtaceae myrtaceae
myrtle_family myrtaceae
genus_Myrtus myrtus
Myrtus_communis common_myrtle
genus_Pimenta pimenta
bay-rum_tree bayberry
Jamaica_bayberry bayberry
wild_cinnamon bayberry
Pimenta_acris bayberry
allspice_tree allspice
pimento_tree allspice
Pimenta_dioica allspice
Pimenta_officinalis allspice_tree
genus_Eugenia eugenia
Eugenia_corynantha sour_cherry
Eugenia_dicrana nakedwood
pitanga surinam_cherry
Eugenia_uniflora surinam_cherry
rose-apple_tree rose_apple
jambosa rose_apple
Eugenia_jambos rose_apple
feijoa_bush feijoa
genus_Jambos jambos
genus_Myrciaria myrciaria
Myrcia myrciaria
jaboticaba_tree jaboticaba
Myrciaria_cauliflora jaboticaba
genus_Psidium psidium
true_guava guava
guava_bush guava
Psidium_guajava guava
strawberry_guava guava
yellow_cattley_guava guava
Psidium_littorale guava
purple_strawberry_guava cattley_guava
Psidium_cattleianum cattley_guava
Psidium_littorale_longipes cattley_guava
Psidium_guineense brazilian_guava
gum gum_tree
gum gumwood
eucalypt eucalyptus
eucalyptus_tree eucalyptus
peppermint red_gum
peppermint_gum red_gum
Eucalyptus_amygdalina red_gum
marri red_gum
Eucalyptus_calophylla red_gum
river_gum river_red_gum
Eucalyptus_camaldulensis river_red_gum
Eucalyptus_rostrata river_red_gum
Eucalyptus_camphora mountain_swamp_gum
ghost_gum snow_gum
white_ash snow_gum
Eucalyptus_coriacea snow_gum
Eucalyptus_pauciflora snow_gum
mountain_oak alpine_ash
Eucalyptus_delegatensis alpine_ash
congoo_mallee white_mallee
Eucalyptus_dumosa white_mallee
thin-leaved_stringybark white_stringybark
Eucalyptusd_eugenioides white_stringybark
Eucalyptus_fraxinoides white_mountain_ash
fever_tree blue_gum
Eucalyptus_globulus blue_gum
Eucalypt_grandis rose_gum
Eucalypt_gunnii cider_gum
Eucalypt_ovata swamp_gum
Eucalyptus_maculata spotted_gum
Eucalyptus_citriodora lemon-scented_gum
Eucalyptus_maculata_citriodora lemon-scented_gum
black_sally black_mallee
black_gum black_mallee
Eucalytus_stellulata black_mallee
Eucalypt_tereticornis forest_red_gum
Eucalyptus_regnans mountain_ash
Eucalyptus_viminalis manna_gum
eucalyptus_kino eucalyptus_gum
red_gum eucalyptus_gum
genus_Syzygium syzygium
clove_tree clove
Syzygium_aromaticum clove
Eugenia_aromaticum clove
Eugenia_caryophyllatum clove
family_Nyssaceae nyssaceae
sour-gum_family nyssaceae
tupelo_family nyssaceae
genus_Nyssa nyssa
tupelo_tree tupelo
Nyssa_aquatica water_gum
black_gum sour_gum
pepperidge sour_gum
Nyssa_sylvatica sour_gum
family_Onagraceae onagraceae
evening-primrose_family onagraceae
genus_Circaea circaea
Circaea_alpina alpine_enchanter's_nightshade
genus_Epilobium epilobium
giant_willowherb fireweed
rosebay_willowherb fireweed
wickup fireweed
Epilobium_angustifolium fireweed
humming_bird's_trumpet california_fuchsia
Epilobium_canum_canum california_fuchsia
Zauschneria_californica california_fuchsia
codlins-and-cream hairy_willowherb
Epilobium_hirsutum hairy_willowherb
ladies'-eardrop lady's-eardrop
lady's-eardrops lady's-eardrop
ladies'-eardrops lady's-eardrop
Fuchsia_coccinea lady's-eardrop
tree_fuchsia konini
native_fuchsia konini
Fuchsia_excorticata konini
genus_Oenothera oenothera
German_rampion common_evening_primrose
Oenothera_biennis common_evening_primrose
Oenothera_fruticosa sundrops
Ozark_sundrops missouri_primrose
Oenothera_macrocarpa missouri_primrose
family_Punicaceae punicaceae
genus_Punica punica
pomegranate_tree pomegranate
Punica_granatum pomegranate
family_Rhizophoraceae rhizophoraceae
mangrove_family rhizophoraceae
genus_Rhizophora rhizophora
Rhizophora_mangle mangrove
family_Thymelaeaceae thymelaeaceae
daphne_family thymelaeaceae
Daphne_cneorum garland_flower
wood_laurel spurge_laurel
Daphne_laureola spurge_laurel
February_daphne mezereon
Daphne_mezereum mezereon
genus_Dirca dirca
moosewood leatherwood
moose-wood leatherwood
wicopy leatherwood
ropebark leatherwood
Dirca_palustris leatherwood
family_Trapaceae trapaceae
genus_Trapa trapa
water_chestnut_plant water_chestnut
caltrop water_chestnut
Jesuits'_nut water_caltrop
Trapa_natans water_caltrop
ling_ko ling
Trapa_bicornis ling
family_Melastomataceae melastomataceae
Melastomaceae melastomataceae
family_Melastomaceae melastomataceae
meadow-beauty_family melastomataceae
genus_Melastoma melastoma
Melastoma_malabathricum indian_rhododendron
genus_Medinilla medinilla
genus_Rhexia rhexia
meadow_beauty deer_grass
order_Musales musales
family_Cannaceae cannaceae
Canna_generalis canna_lily
indian_shot achira
arrowroot achira
Canna_indica achira
Canna_edulis achira
family_Marantaceae marantaceae
arrowroot_family marantaceae
American_arrowroot arrowroot
obedience_plant arrowroot
Maranta_arundinaceae arrowroot
family_Musaceae musaceae
banana_family musaceae
genus_Musa musa
banana_tree banana
Musa_acuminata dwarf_banana
Musa_basjoo japanese_banana
plantain_tree plantain
Musa_paradisiaca plantain
Musa_paradisiaca_sapientum edible_banana
Manila_hemp abaca
Musa_textilis abaca
genus_Ensete ensete
Ethiopian_banana abyssinian_banana
Ensete_ventricosum abyssinian_banana
Musa_ensete abyssinian_banana
family_Strelitziaceae strelitziaceae
strelitzia_family strelitziaceae
genus_Strelitzia strelitzia
Strelitzia_reginae bird_of_paradise
traveller's_tree traveler's_tree
ravenala traveler's_tree
Ravenala_madagascariensis traveler's_tree
family_Zingiberaceae zingiberaceae
ginger_family zingiberaceae
genus_Zingiber zingiber
Canton_ginger common_ginger
stem_ginger common_ginger
Zingiber_officinale common_ginger
genus_Curcuma curcuma
Curcuma_longa turmeric
Curcuma_domestica turmeric
genus_Alpinia alpinia
genus_Zerumbet alpinia
genus_Languas alpinia
Alpinia_galanga galangal
Alpinia_officinarum lesser_galangal
Alpinia_officinalis lesser_galangal
Alpinia_purpurata red_ginger
shall-flower shellflower
shell_ginger shellflower
Alpinia_Zerumbet shellflower
Alpinia_speciosa shellflower
Languas_speciosa shellflower
genus_Aframomum aframomum
Guinea_grains grains_of_paradise
Guinea_pepper grains_of_paradise
melagueta_pepper grains_of_paradise
Aframomum_melegueta grains_of_paradise
genus_Elettaria elettaria
cardamon cardamom
Elettaria_cardamomum cardamom
subclass_Dilleniidae dilleniidae
order_Parietales parietales
Hypericales parietales
order_Hypericales parietales
order_Guttiferales guttiferales
family_Begoniaceae begoniaceae
begonia_family begoniaceae
blooming-fool_begonia christmas_begonia
Begonia_cheimantha christmas_begonia
Begonia_cocchinea angel-wing_begonia
maple-leaf_begonia grape-leaf_begonia
Begonia_dregei grape-leaf_begonia
kidney_begonia beefsteak_begonia
Begonia_erythrophylla beefsteak_begonia
Begonia_feastii beefsteak_begonia
star-leaf_begonia star_begonia
Begonia_heracleifolia star_begonia
king_begonia rex_begonia
painted-leaf_begonia rex_begonia
beefsteak_geranium rex_begonia
Begonia_rex rex_begonia
Begonia_semperflorens wax_begonia
Begonia_socotrana socotra_begonia
Begonia_tuberhybrida hybrid_tuberous_begonia
family_Dilleniaceae dilleniaceae
genus_Hibbertia hibbertia
guinea_flower guinea_gold_vine
family_Guttiferae guttiferae
Clusiaceae guttiferae
family_Clusiaceae guttiferae
St_John's_wort_family guttiferae
genus_Calophyllum calophyllum
Santa_Maria_tree calaba
Calophyllum_calaba calaba
Calophyllum_longifolium maria
lancewood_tree laurelwood
Calophyllum_candidissimum laurelwood
Calophyllum_inophyllum alexandrian_laurel
Clusia_flava wild_fig
Clusia_insignis waxflower
strangler_fig pitch_apple
Clusia_rosea pitch_apple
Clusia_major pitch_apple
genus_Garcinia garcinia
mangosteen_tree mangosteen
Garcinia_mangostana mangosteen
Garcinia_hanburyi gamboge_tree
Garcinia_cambogia gamboge_tree
Garcinia_gummi-gutta gamboge_tree
family_Hypericaceae hypericaceae
genus_Hypericum hypericum
tutsan common_st_john's_wort
Hypericum_androsaemum common_st_john's_wort
Hypericum_ascyron great_st_john's_wort
Hypericum_pyramidatum great_st_john's_wort
Hypericum_calycinum creeping_st_john's_wort
nitweed orange_grass
pineweed orange_grass
pine-weed orange_grass
Hypericum_gentianoides orange_grass
Hypericum_crux_andrae st_andrews's_cross
Hypericum_hypericoides low_st_andrew's_cross
Hypericum_perforatum klammath_weed
Hypericum_prolificum shrubby_st_john's_wort
Hypericum_spathulatum shrubby_st_john's_wort
Hypericum_tetrapterum st_peter's_wort
Hypericum_maculatum st_peter's_wort
Hypericum_virginianum marsh_st-john's_wort
genus_Mammea mammea
mammee mammee_apple
mamey mammee_apple
mammee_tree mammee_apple
Mammea_americana mammee_apple
genus_Mesua mesua
ironwood rose_chestnut
ironwood_tree rose_chestnut
Mesua_ferrea rose_chestnut
family_Actinidiaceae actinidiaceae
genus_Actinidia actinidia
tara_vine bower_actinidia
Actinidia_arguta bower_actinidia
kiwi chinese_gooseberry
kiwi_vine chinese_gooseberry
Actinidia_chinensis chinese_gooseberry
Actinidia_deliciosa chinese_gooseberry
silver_vine silvervine
Actinidia_polygama silvervine
family_Canellaceae canellaceae
canella_family canellaceae
white_cinnamon_tree wild_cinnamon
Canella_winterana wild_cinnamon
Canella-alba wild_cinnamon
canella_bark canella
white_cinnamon canella
family_Caricaceae caricaceae
papaya_family caricaceae
genus_Carica carica
papaia papaya
pawpaw papaya
papaya_tree papaya
melon_tree papaya
Carica_papaya papaya
family_Caryocaraceae caryocaraceae
genus_Caryocar caryocar
souari_nut souari
souari_tree souari
Caryocar_nuciferum souari
family_Cistaceae cistaceae
rockrose_family cistaceae
genus_Cistus cistus
rock_rose rockrose
Cistus_albidus white-leaved_rockrose
Cistus_ladanifer common_gum_cistus
Cistus_ladanum common_gum_cistus
ladanum labdanum
sunrose helianthemum
sun_rose helianthemum
frost-weed frostweed
frostwort frostweed
Helianthemum_canadense frostweed
Crocanthemum_canadense frostweed
rock_rose rockrose
Helianthemum_scoparium rush_rose
genus_Hudsonia hudsonia
golden_heather false_heather
Hudsonia_ericoides false_heather
poverty_grass beach_heather
Hudsonia_tomentosa beach_heather
family_Dipterocarpaceae dipterocarpaceae
genus_Shorea shorea
red_lauan_tree red_lauan
Shorea_teysmanniana red_lauan
family_Flacourtiaceae flacourtiaceae
flacourtia_family flacourtiaceae
genus_Flacourtia flacourtia
governor_plum governor's_plum
Madagascar_plum governor's_plum
ramontchi governor's_plum
batoko_palm governor's_plum
Flacourtia_indica governor's_plum
genus_Dovyalis dovyalis
kei_apple_bush kei_apple
Dovyalis_caffra kei_apple
kitembilla ketembilla
kitambilla ketembilla
ketembilla_tree ketembilla
Ceylon_gooseberry ketembilla
Dovyalis_hebecarpa ketembilla
genus_Hydnocarpus hydnocarpus
Taraktagenos hydnocarpus
genus_Taraktagenos hydnocarpus
Taraktogenos hydnocarpus
genus_Taraktogenos hydnocarpus
chaulmoogra_tree chaulmoogra
chaulmugra chaulmoogra
Hydnocarpus_kurzii chaulmoogra
Taraktagenos_kurzii chaulmoogra
Taraktogenos_kurzii chaulmoogra
Hydnocarpus_wightiana hydnocarpus_laurifolia
Idesia_polycarpa idesia
genus_Kiggelaria kiggelaria
Kiggelaria_africana wild_peach
Xylosma_congestum xylosma
family_Fouquieriaceae fouquieriaceae
genus_Fouquieria fouquieria
coachwhip ocotillo
Jacob's_staff ocotillo
vine_cactus ocotillo
Fouquieria_splendens ocotillo
cirio boojum_tree
Fouquieria_columnaris boojum_tree
Idria_columnaris boojum_tree
family_Ochnaceae ochnaceae
ochna_family ochnaceae
genus_Ochna ochna
Ochna_serrulata bird's-eye_bush
family_Passifloraceae passifloraceae
passionflower_family passifloraceae
genus_Passiflora passiflora
passionflower_vine passionflower
purple_granadillo granadilla
Passiflora_edulis granadilla
sweet_granadilla granadilla
Passiflora_ligularis granadilla
giant_granadilla granadilla
Passiflora_quadrangularis granadilla
Passiflora_incarnata maypop
yellow_granadilla jamaica_honeysuckle
Passiflora_laurifolia jamaica_honeysuckle
Passiflora_mollissima banana_passion_fruit
Passiflora_maliformis sweet_calabash
running_pop love-in-a-mist
wild_water_lemon love-in-a-mist
Passiflora_foetida love-in-a-mist
family_Resedaceae resedaceae
mignonette_family resedaceae
sweet_reseda mignonette
Reseda_odorata mignonette
dyer's_mignonette dyer's_rocket
weld dyer's_rocket
Reseda_luteola dyer's_rocket
family_Tamaricaceae tamaricaceae
tamarisk_family tamaricaceae
genus_Tamarix tamarix
genus_Myricaria myricaria
German_tamarisk false_tamarisk
Myricaria_germanica false_tamarisk
family_Violaceae violaceae
violet_family violaceae
genus_Viola viola
heartsease field_pansy
Viola_arvensis field_pansy
Viola_conspersa american_dog_violet
white_violet sweet_white_violet
woodland_white_violet sweet_white_violet
Viola_blanda sweet_white_violet
tall_white_violet canada_violet
white_violet canada_violet
Viola_canadensis canada_violet
heath_violet dog_violet
Viola_canina dog_violet
tufted_pansy horned_violet
Viola_cornuta horned_violet
heartsease two-eyed_violet
Viola_ocellata two-eyed_violet
garden_violet sweet_violet
English_violet sweet_violet
Viola_odorata sweet_violet
pansy_violet bird's-foot_violet
Johnny-jump-up bird's-foot_violet
wood_violet bird's-foot_violet
Viola_pedata bird's-foot_violet
Viola_pubescens downy_yellow_violet
Viola_rostrata long-spurred_violet
striped_violet pale_violet
cream_violet pale_violet
Viola_striata pale_violet
wood_violet hedge_violet
Viola_sylvatica hedge_violet
Viola_reichenbachiana hedge_violet
Viola_tricolor_hortensis pansy
Johnny-jump-up wild_pansy
heartsease wild_pansy
love-in-idleness wild_pansy
pink_of_my_John wild_pansy
Viola_tricolor wild_pansy
genus_Hybanthus hybanthus
genus_Hymenanthera hymenanthera
genus_Melicytus melicytus
order_Urticales urticales
family_Urticaceae urticaceae
nettle_family urticaceae
genus_Urtica urtica
Urtica_dioica stinging_nettle
Urtica_pipulifera roman_nettle
genus_Boehmeria boehmeria
bog_hemp false_nettle
ramee ramie
Chinese_silk_plant ramie
China_grass ramie
Boehmeria_nivea ramie
genus_Helxine helxine
Soleirolia helxine
genus_Soleirolia helxine
baby_tears baby's_tears
Helxine_soleirolia baby's_tears
Soleirolia_soleirolii baby's_tears
genus_Laportea laportea
Laportea_canadensis wood_nettle
Australian_nettle_tree australian_nettle
genus_Parietaria parietaria
wall_pellitory pellitory-of-the-wall
pellitory pellitory-of-the-wall
Parietaria_difussa pellitory-of-the-wall
genus_Pilea pilea
clearweed richweed
dead_nettle richweed
Pilea_pumilla richweed
Pilea_microphylla artillery_plant
panamica friendship_plant
panamiga friendship_plant
Pilea_involucrata friendship_plant
genus_Pipturus pipturus
Pipturus_argenteus queensland_grass-cloth_plant
family_Cannabidaceae cannabidaceae
hemp_family cannabidaceae
hemp cannabis
marihuana marijuana
ganja marijuana
Cannabis_sativa marijuana
Cannabis_indica indian_hemp
genus_Humulus humulus
hops hop
common_hops common_hop
bine common_hop
European_hop common_hop
Humulus_lupulus common_hop
Humulus_americanus american_hop
Humulus_japonicus japanese_hop
family_Moraceae moraceae
mulberry_family moraceae
genus_Morus morus
mulberry_tree mulberry
Morus_alba white_mulberry
Morus_nigra black_mulberry
Morus_rubra red_mulberry
genus_Maclura maclura
bow_wood osage_orange
mock_orange osage_orange
Maclura_pomifera osage_orange
genus_Artocarpus artocarpus
breadfruit_tree breadfruit
Artocarpus_communis breadfruit
Artocarpus_altilis breadfruit
jackfruit_tree jackfruit
Artocarpus_heterophyllus jackfruit
marang_tree marang
Artocarpus_odoratissima marang
genus_Ficus ficus
common_fig fig
common_fig_tree fig
Ficus_carica fig
Ficus_carica_sylvestris caprifig
Florida_strangler_fig golden_fig
strangler_fig golden_fig
wild_fig golden_fig
Ficus_aurea golden_fig
banyan_tree banyan
banian banyan
banian_tree banyan
Indian_banyan banyan
East_Indian_fig_tree banyan
Ficus_bengalensis banyan
pipal_tree pipal
pipul pipal
peepul pipal
sacred_fig pipal
bo_tree pipal
Ficus_religiosa pipal
India-rubber_plant india-rubber_tree
India-rubber_fig india-rubber_tree
rubber_plant india-rubber_tree
Assam_rubber india-rubber_tree
Ficus_elastica india-rubber_tree
mistletoe_rubber_plant mistletoe_fig
Ficus_diversifolia mistletoe_fig
Ficus_deltoidea mistletoe_fig
rusty_rig port_jackson_fig
little-leaf_fig port_jackson_fig
Botany_Bay_fig port_jackson_fig
Ficus_rubiginosa port_jackson_fig
sycamore_fig sycamore
mulberry_fig sycamore
Ficus_sycomorus sycamore
genus_Broussonetia broussonetia
Broussonetia_papyrifera paper_mulberry
family_Cecropiaceae cecropiaceae
genus_Cecropia cecropia
trumpet-wood trumpetwood
trumpet_tree trumpetwood
snake_wood trumpetwood
imbauba trumpetwood
Cecropia_peltata trumpetwood
family_Ulmaceae ulmaceae
elm_family ulmaceae
genus_Ulmus ulmus
elm_tree elm
elmwood elm
wing_elm winged_elm
Ulmus_alata winged_elm
white_elm american_elm
water_elm american_elm
rock_elm american_elm
Ulmus_americana american_elm
European_field_elm smooth-leaved_elm
Ulmus_carpinifolia smooth-leaved_elm
Ulmus_crassifolia cedar_elm
wych_elm witch_elm
Ulmus_glabra witch_elm
Ulmus_hollandica dutch_elm
Ulmus_hollandica_vegetata huntingdon_elm
Ulmus_laevis water_elm
Ulmus_parvifolia chinese_elm
European_elm english_elm
Ulmus_procera english_elm
Chinese_elm siberian_elm
dwarf_elm siberian_elm
Ulmus_pumila siberian_elm
red_elm slippery_elm
Ulmus_rubra slippery_elm
guernsey_elm jersey_elm
wheately_elm jersey_elm
Ulmus_sarniensis jersey_elm
Ulmus_campestris_sarniensis jersey_elm
Ulmus_campestris_wheatleyi jersey_elm
red_elm september_elm
Ulmus_serotina september_elm
Ulmus_thomasii rock_elm
genus_Celtis celtis
nettle_tree hackberry
Mediterranean_hackberry european_hackberry
Celtis_australis european_hackberry
Celtis_occidentalis american_hackberry
Celtis_laevigata sugarberry
genus_Planera planera
genus_Trema trema
subclass_Liliidae liliidae
order_Liliales liliales
family_Iridaceae iridaceae
iris_family iridaceae
flag iris
fleur-de-lis iris
sword_lily iris
orris orrisroot
Iris_cristata dwarf_iris
Iris_filifolia dutch_iris
orris florentine_iris
Iris_germanica_florentina florentine_iris
Iris_florentina florentine_iris
gladdon stinking_iris
gladdon_iris stinking_iris
stinking_gladwyn stinking_iris
roast_beef_plant stinking_iris
Iris_foetidissima stinking_iris
Iris_germanica german_iris
Iris_kaempferi japanese_iris
Iris_kochii german_iris
Iris_pallida dalmatian_iris
Iris_persica persian_iris
yellow_flag yellow_iris
yellow_water_flag yellow_iris
Iris_pseudacorus yellow_iris
Iris_tingitana dutch_iris
vernal_iris dwarf_iris
Iris_verna dwarf_iris
Iris_versicolor blue_flag
Iris_virginica southern_blue_flag
Iris_xiphioides english_iris
xiphium_iris spanish_iris
Iris_xiphium spanish_iris
genus_Belamcanda belamcanda
leopard_lily blackberry-lily
Belamcanda_chinensis blackberry-lily
saffron_crocus saffron
Crocus_sativus saffron
gladiola gladiolus
glad gladiolus
sword_lily gladiolus
genus_Ixia ixia
genus_Sisyrinchium sisyrinchium
genus_Sparaxis sparaxis
Sparaxis_tricolor wandflower
family_Amaryllidaceae amaryllidaceae
amaryllis_family amaryllidaceae
naked_lady belladonna_lily
Amaryllis_belladonna belladonna_lily
genus_Bomarea bomarea
Bomarea_edulis salsilla
Bomarea_salsilla salsilla
genus_Haemanthus haemanthus
Haemanthus_coccineus cape_tulip
Hippeastrum_puniceum hippeastrum
Narcissus_pseudonarcissus daffodil
Narcissus_jonquilla jonquil
Narcissus_papyraceus paper_white
genus_Strekelia strekelia
Aztec_lily jacobean_lily
Strekelia_formosissima jacobean_lily
family_Hypoxidaceae hypoxidaceae
genus_Hypoxis hypoxis
Hypoxis_hirsuta american_star_grass
family_Liliaceae liliaceae
lily_family liliaceae
genus_Lilium lilium
Lilium_auratum mountain_lily
wild_yellow_lily canada_lily
meadow_lily canada_lily
wild_meadow_lily canada_lily
Lilium_canadense canada_lily
white_lily madonna_lily
Annunciation_lily madonna_lily
Lent_lily madonna_lily
Lilium_candidum madonna_lily
leopard_lily tiger_lily
pine_lily tiger_lily
Lilium_catesbaei tiger_lily
Oregon_lily columbia_tiger_lily
Lilium_columbianum columbia_tiger_lily
devil_lily tiger_lily
kentan tiger_lily
Lilium_lancifolium tiger_lily
Bermuda_lily easter_lily
white_trumpet_lily easter_lily
Lilium_longiflorum easter_lily
Lilium_maritinum coast_lily
martagon turk's-cap
Lilium_martagon turk's-cap
Lilium_michiganense michigan_lily
panther_lily leopard_lily
Lilium_pardalinum leopard_lily
Lilium_philadelphicum wood_lily
Turk's_cap-lily turk's-cap
Lilium_superbum turk's-cap
lily_of_the_Nile agapanthus
African_tulip african_lily
blue_African_lily african_lily
Agapanthus_africanus african_lily
genus_Aletris aletris
colic_root colicroot
crow_corn colicroot
star_grass colicroot
unicorn_root colicroot
ague_grass ague_root
Aletris_farinosa ague_root
Aletris_aurea yellow_colicroot
family_Alliaceae alliaceae
genus_Allium allium
Allium_acuminatum hooker's_onion
Levant_garlic wild_leek
kurrat wild_leek
Allium_ampeloprasum wild_leek
meadow_leek canada_garlic
rose_leek canada_garlic
Allium_canadense canada_garlic
Allium_carinatum keeled_garlic
onion_plant onion
Allium_cepa onion
eschalot shallot
multiplier_onion shallot
Allium_cepa_aggregatum shallot
Allium_ascalonicum shallot
Egyptian_onion tree_onion
top_onion tree_onion
Allium_cepa_viviparum tree_onion
nodding_wild_onion nodding_onion
lady's_leek nodding_onion
Allium_cernuum nodding_onion
Japanese_leek welsh_onion
Allium_fistulosum welsh_onion
Allium_haematochiton red-skinned_onion
scallion leek
Allium_porrum leek
flowering_onion daffodil_garlic
Naples_garlic daffodil_garlic
Allium_neopolitanum daffodil_garlic
Allium_paradoxum few-flowered_leek
Allium_sativum garlic
giant_garlic sand_leek
Spanish_garlic sand_leek
rocambole sand_leek
Allium_scorodoprasum sand_leek
chive chives
cive chives
schnittlaugh chives
Allium_schoenoprasum chives
wild_leek ramp
Allium_tricoccum ramp
false_garlic crow_garlic
field_garlic crow_garlic
stag's_garlic crow_garlic
wild_garlic crow_garlic
Allium_vineale crow_garlic
wood_garlic wild_garlic
Ramsons wild_garlic
Allium_ursinum wild_garlic
Chinese_chive garlic_chive
Oriental_garlic garlic_chive
Allium_tuberosum garlic_chive
Allium_sphaerocephalum round-headed_leek
triquetrous_leek three-cornered_leek
Allium_triquetrum three-cornered_leek
family_Aloeaceae aloeaceae
aloe_family aloeaceae
Aloe_ferox cape_aloe
Aloe_vera burn_plant
tritoma kniphofia
flame_flower kniphofia
flame-flower kniphofia
flameflower kniphofia
Kniphofia_uvaria poker_plant
Kniphofia_praecox red-hot_poker
family_Alstroemeriaceae alstroemeriaceae
lily_of_the_Incas peruvian_lily
Alstroemeria_pelegrina peruvian_lily
genus_Amianthum amianthum
Amianthum_muscaetoxicum fly_poison
Amianthum_muscitoxicum fly_poison
genus_Anthericum anthericum
Anthericum_liliago saint-bernard's-lily
Anthericum_torreyi amber_lily
family_Aphyllanthaceae aphyllanthaceae
genus_Aphyllanthes aphyllanthes
family_Asparagaceae asparagaceae
edible_asparagus asparagus
Asparagus_officinales asparagus
Asparagus_setaceous asparagus_fern
Asparagus_plumosus asparagus_fern
Asparagus_asparagoides smilax
family_Asphodelaceae asphodelaceae
genus_Asphodeline asphodeline
yellow_asphodel king's_spear
Asphodeline_lutea king's_spear
genus_Asphodelus asphodelus
cast-iron_plant aspidistra
bar-room_plant aspidistra
Aspidistra_elatio aspidistra
genus_Bessera bessera
Bessera_elegans coral_drops
genus_Blandfordia blandfordia
genus_Bloomeria bloomeria
golden_stars golden_star
Bloomeria_crocea golden_star
genus_Bowiea bowiea
Bowiea_volubilis climbing_onion
Brodiaea_elegans elegant_brodiaea
genus_Calochortus calochortus
mariposa_tulip mariposa
mariposa_lily mariposa
fairy_lantern globe_lily
white_fairy_lantern white_globe_lily
Calochortus_albus white_globe_lily
golden_fairy_lantern yellow_globe_lily
Calochortus_amabilis yellow_globe_lily
Calochortus_amoenus rose_globe_lily
elegant_cat's_ears star_tulip
Calochortus_elegans star_tulip
Calochortus_kennedyi desert_mariposa_tulip
Calochortus_luteus yellow_mariposa_tulip
Calochortus_macrocarpus sagebrush_mariposa_tulip
Calochortus_nuttallii sego_lily
genus_Camassia camassia
Quamassia camassia
genus_Quamassia camassia
camass camas
quamash camas
camosh camas
camash camas
Camassia_quamash common_camas
Camassia_leichtlinii leichtlin's_camas
indigo_squill wild_hyacinth
Camassia_scilloides wild_hyacinth
genus_Erythronium erythronium
dogtooth dogtooth_violet
dog's-tooth_violet dogtooth_violet
white_dog's-tooth_violet white_dogtooth_violet
blonde_lilian white_dogtooth_violet
Erythronium_albidum white_dogtooth_violet
trout_lily yellow_adder's_tongue
amberbell yellow_adder's_tongue
Erythronium_americanum yellow_adder's_tongue
Erythronium_dens-canis european_dogtooth
Erythronium_californicum fawn_lily
snow_lily glacier_lily
Erythronium_grandiflorum glacier_lily
Erythronium_montanum avalanche_lily
genus_Fritillaria fritillaria
checkered_lily fritillary
rice-grain_fritillary mission_bells
Fritillaria_affinis mission_bells
Fritillaria_lanceolata mission_bells
Fritillaria_mutica mission_bells
black_fritillary mission_bells
Fritillaria_biflora mission_bells
Fritillaria_agrestis stink_bell
Fritillaria_imperialis crown_imperial
Fritillaria_liliaceae white_fritillary
guinea-hen_flower snake's_head_fritillary
checkered_daffodil snake's_head_fritillary
leper_lily snake's_head_fritillary
Fritillaria_meleagris snake's_head_fritillary
Fritillaria_micrantha brown_bells
Fritillaria_parviflora brown_bells
pink_fritillary adobe_lily
Fritillaria_pluriflora adobe_lily
Fritillaria_recurva scarlet_fritillary
genus_Tulipa tulipa
Tulipa_armena dwarf_tulip
Tulipa_suaveolens dwarf_tulip
candlestick_tulip lady_tulip
Tulipa_clusiana lady_tulip
family_Colchicaceae colchicaceae
genus_Colchicum colchicum
meadow_saffron autumn_crocus
naked_lady autumn_crocus
Colchicum_autumnale autumn_crocus
glory_lily gloriosa
climbing_lily gloriosa
creeping_lily gloriosa
Gloriosa_superba gloriosa
family_Hemerocallidaceae hemerocallidaceae
genus_Hemerocallis hemerocallis
daylily day_lily
Hemerocallis_lilio-asphodelus lemon_lily
Hemerocallis_flava lemon_lily
family_Hostaceae hostaceae
Funkaceae hostaceae
family_Funkaceae hostaceae
genus_Hosta hosta
Funka hosta
genus_Funka hosta
day_lily plantain_lily
family_Hyacinthaceae hyacinthaceae
Hyacinthus_orientalis common_hyacinth
Hyacinthus_orientalis_albulus roman_hyacinth
cape_hyacinth summer_hyacinth
Hyacinthus_candicans summer_hyacinth
Galtonia_candicans summer_hyacinth
genus_Hyacinthoides hyacinthoides
wood_hyacinth wild_hyacinth
bluebell wild_hyacinth
harebell wild_hyacinth
Hyacinthoides_nonscripta wild_hyacinth
Scilla_nonscripta wild_hyacinth
genus_Ornithogalum ornithogalum
sleepy_dick starflower
summer_snowflake starflower
Ornithogalum_umbellatum starflower
Prussian_asparagus bath_asparagus
Ornithogalum_pyrenaicum bath_asparagus
wonder_flower chincherinchee
Ornithogalum_thyrsoides chincherinchee
genus_Muscari muscari
Muscari_neglectum common_grape_hyacinth
Muscari_comosum tassel_hyacinth
squill scilla
Scilla_verna spring_squill
sea_onion spring_squill
genus_Tofieldia tofieldia
Tofieldia_pusilla scotch_asphodel
genus_Urginea urginea
sea_onion sea_squill
squill sea_squill
Urginea_maritima sea_squill
genus_Ruscus ruscus
Ruscus_aculeatus butcher's_broom
family_Melanthiaceae melanthiaceae
genus_Narthecium narthecium
Narthecium_ossifragum european_bog_asphodel
Narthecium_americanum american_bog_asphodel
genus_Veratrum veratrum
false_hellebore hellebore
American_hellebore white_hellebore
Indian_poke white_hellebore
bugbane white_hellebore
Veratrum_viride white_hellebore
family_Ruscaceae ruscaceae
family_Tecophilaeacea tecophilaeacea
genus_Xerophyllum xerophyllum
bear_grass squaw_grass
Xerophyllum_tenax squaw_grass
family_Xanthorrhoeaceae xanthorrhoeaceae
grass_tree_family xanthorrhoeaceae
genus_Xanthorroea xanthorroea
Australian_grass_tree grass_tree
genus_Zigadenus zigadenus
zigadene death_camas
Zigadenus_elegans alkali_grass
Zigadenus_glaucus white_camas
Zigadenus_nuttalli poison_camas
Zigadenus_venenosus grassy_death_camas
Zigadenus_venenosus_gramineus grassy_death_camas
family_Trilliaceae trilliaceae
trillium_family trilliaceae
wood_lily trillium
wake-robin trillium
prairie_trillium prairie_wake-robin
Trillium_recurvatum prairie_wake-robin
snow_trillium dwarf-white_trillium
early_wake-robin dwarf-white_trillium
red_trillium purple_trillium
birthroot purple_trillium
Trillium_erectum purple_trillium
toadshade red_trillium
sessile_trillium red_trillium
Trillium_sessile red_trillium
genus_Paris paris
Paris_quadrifolia herb_paris
subfamily_Smilacaceae smilacaceae
genus_Smilax smilax
greenbrier bullbrier
catbrier bullbrier
horse_brier bullbrier
horse-brier bullbrier
brier bullbrier
briar bullbrier
Smilax_rotundifolia bullbrier
Smilax_aspera rough_bindweed
family_Convallariaceae convallariaceae
genus_Convallaria convallaria
May_lily lily_of_the_valley
Convallaria_majalis lily_of_the_valley
Clinton's_lily clintonia
Andrew's_clintonia red_clintonia
Clintonia_andrewsiana red_clintonia
heal_all yellow_clintonia
Clintonia_borealis yellow_clintonia
bride's_bonnet queen's_cup
Clintonia_uniflora queen's_cup
genus_Liriope liriope
lily_turf lilyturf
Liriope_muscari lilyturf
genus_Maianthemum maianthemum
Maianthemum_canadense false_lily_of_the_valley
Maianthemum_bifolium false_lily_of_the_valley
genus_Polygonatum polygonatum
Polygonatum_biflorum great_solomon's-seal
Polygonatum_commutatum great_solomon's-seal
subfamily_Uvulariaceae uvulariaceae
genus_Uvularia uvularia
merry_bells bellwort
wild_oats bellwort
cornflower strawflower
Uvularia_grandiflora strawflower
family_Taccaceae taccaceae
genus_Tacca tacca
Indian_arrowroot pia
Tacca_leontopetaloides pia
Tacca_pinnatifida pia
family_Agavaceae agavaceae
agave_family agavaceae
sisal_family agavaceae
century_plant agave
American_aloe agave
Agave_americana american_agave
Agave_sisalana sisal
cantala maguey
Agave_cantala maguey
Agave_atrovirens maguey
Cebu_maguey cantala
manila_maguey cantala
genus_Cordyline cordyline
Cordyline_terminalis ti
grass_tree cabbage_tree
Cordyline_australis cabbage_tree
subfamily_Dracenaceae dracenaceae
Dracaenaceae dracenaceae
subfamily_Dracaenaceae dracenaceae
Dracaena_draco dragon_tree
genus_Nolina nolina
Nolina_microcarpa bear_grass
genus_Polianthes polianthes
Polianthes_tuberosa tuberose
bowstring_hemp sansevieria
African_hemp african_bowstring_hemp
Sansevieria_guineensis african_bowstring_hemp
Sansevieria_zeylanica ceylon_bowstring_hemp
snake_plant mother-in-law's_tongue
Sansevieria_trifasciata mother-in-law's_tongue
Yucca_aloifolia spanish_bayonet
Yucca_baccata spanish_bayonet
Yucca_brevifolia joshua_tree
Yucca_carnerosana spanish_dagger
soap-weed soapweed
soap_tree soapweed
Yucca_elata soapweed
Adam's_needle-and-thread adam's_needle
spoonleaf_yucca adam's_needle
needle_palm adam's_needle
Yucca_filamentosa adam's_needle
Yucca_glauca bear_grass
Yucca_gloriosa spanish_dagger
Yucca_smalliana bear_grass
Yucca_whipplei our_lord's_candle
family_Menyanthaceae menyanthaceae
buckbean_family menyanthaceae
genus_Menyanthes menyanthes
buckbean water_shamrock
bogbean water_shamrock
bog_myrtle water_shamrock
marsh_trefoil water_shamrock
Menyanthes_trifoliata water_shamrock
family_Loganiaceae loganiaceae
genus_Logania logania
buddleia butterfly_bush
genus_Gelsemium gelsemium
yellow_jessamine yellow_jasmine
Carolina_jasmine yellow_jasmine
evening_trumpet_flower yellow_jasmine
Gelsemium_sempervirens yellow_jasmine
family_Linaceae linaceae
flax_family linaceae
genus_Linum linum
genus_Physostigma physostigma
Physostigma_venenosum calabar-bean_vine
ordeal_bean calabar_bean
family_Caesalpiniaceae caesalpiniaceae
subfamily_Caesalpinioideae caesalpinioideae
genus_Caesalpinia caesalpinia
bonduc_tree bonduc
Caesalpinia_bonduc bonduc
Caesalpinia_bonducella bonduc
Caesalpinia_coriaria divi-divi
Caesalpinia_decapetala mysore_thorn
Caesalpinia_sepiaria mysore_thorn
peachwood brazilwood
peach-wood brazilwood
pernambuco_wood brazilwood
Caesalpinia_echinata brazilwood
Caesalpinia_ferrea brazilian_ironwood
poinciana bird_of_paradise
Caesalpinia_gilliesii bird_of_paradise
Poinciana_gilliesii bird_of_paradise
paradise_flower pride_of_barbados
flamboyant_tree pride_of_barbados
Caesalpinia_pulcherrima pride_of_barbados
Poinciana_pulcherrima pride_of_barbados
genus_Acrocarpus acrocarpus
Acrocarpus_fraxinifolius shingle_tree
genus_Bauhinia bauhinia
Bauhinia_monandra butterfly_flower
orchid_tree mountain_ebony
Bauhinia_variegata mountain_ebony
genus_Brachystegia brachystegia
Brachystegia_speciformis msasa
Cassia genus_cassia
drumstick_tree golden_shower_tree
purging_cassia golden_shower_tree
pudding_pipe_tree golden_shower_tree
canafistola golden_shower_tree
canafistula golden_shower_tree
Cassia_fistula golden_shower_tree
pink_shower_tree pink_shower
horse_cassia pink_shower
Cassia_grandis pink_shower
Cassia_javonica rainbow_shower
Cassia_roxburghii horse_cassia
Cassia_marginata horse_cassia
genus_Ceratonia ceratonia
carob_tree carob
carob_bean_tree carob
algarroba carob
Ceratonia_siliqua carob
carob_bean carob
algarroba_bean carob
algarroba carob
locust_bean carob
locust_pod carob
genus_Cercidium cercidium
genus_Chamaecrista chamaecrista
sensitive_pea partridge_pea
wild_sensitive_plant partridge_pea
Chamaecrista_fasciculata partridge_pea
Cassia_fasciculata partridge_pea
genus_Delonix delonix
flamboyant royal_poinciana
flame_tree royal_poinciana
peacock_flower royal_poinciana
Delonix_regia royal_poinciana
Poinciana_regia royal_poinciana
locust locust_tree
genus_Gleditsia gleditsia
swamp_locust water_locust
Gleditsia_aquatica water_locust
Gleditsia_triacanthos honey_locust
genus_Gymnocladus gymnocladus
bonduc kentucky_coffee_tree
chicot kentucky_coffee_tree
Gymnocladus_dioica kentucky_coffee_tree
genus_Haematoxylum haematoxylum
Haematoxylon haematoxylum
genus_Haematoxylon haematoxylum
logwood_tree logwood
campeachy logwood
bloodwood_tree logwood
Haematoxylum_campechianum logwood
genus_Parkinsonia parkinsonia
horsebean jerusalem_thorn
Parkinsonia_aculeata jerusalem_thorn
Parkinsonia_florida palo_verde
Cercidium_floridum palo_verde
genus_Petteria petteria
Petteria_ramentacea dalmatian_laburnum
Cytisus_ramentaceus dalmatian_laburnum
subgenus_Poinciana poinciana
ringworm_shrub ringworm_bush
ringworm_cassia ringworm_bush
Senna_alata ringworm_bush
Cassia_alata ringworm_bush
tanner's_cassia avaram
Senna_auriculata avaram
Cassia_auriculata avaram
Alexandrian_senna alexandria_senna
true_senna alexandria_senna
tinnevelly_senna alexandria_senna
Indian_senna alexandria_senna
Senna_alexandrina alexandria_senna
Cassia_acutifolia alexandria_senna
Cassia_augustifolia alexandria_senna
Senna_marilandica wild_senna
Cassia_marilandica wild_senna
Senna_obtusifolia sicklepod
Cassia_tora sicklepod
mogdad_coffee coffee_senna
styptic_weed coffee_senna
stinking_weed coffee_senna
Senna_occidentalis coffee_senna
Cassia_occidentalis coffee_senna
genus_Tamarindus tamarindus
tamarind_tree tamarind
tamarindo tamarind
Tamarindus_indica tamarind
family_Papilionacea papilionaceae
subfamily_Papilionoideae papilionoideae
lead_plant leadplant
Amorpha_canescens leadplant
bastard_indigo false_indigo
Amorpha_californica false_indigo
bastard_indigo false_indigo
Amorpha_fruticosa false_indigo
genus_Amphicarpaea amphicarpaea
Amphicarpa amphicarpaea
genus_Amphicarpa amphicarpaea
wild_peanut hog_peanut
Amphicarpaea_bracteata hog_peanut
Amphicarpa_bracteata hog_peanut
genus_Anagyris anagyris
stinking_bean_trefoil bean_trefoil
Anagyris_foetida bean_trefoil
genus_Andira andira
andelmin angelim
cabbage-bark_tree cabbage_bark
cabbage_tree cabbage_bark
Andira_inermis cabbage_bark
genus_Anthyllis anthyllis
silverbush jupiter's_beard
silver-bush jupiter's_beard
Anthyllis_barba-jovis jupiter's_beard
Anthyllis_vulneraria kidney_vetch
genus_Apios apios
groundnut_vine groundnut
Indian_potato groundnut
potato_bean groundnut
wild_bean groundnut
Apios_americana groundnut
Apios_tuberosa groundnut
genus_Aspalathus aspalathus
Aspalathus_linearis rooibos
Aspalathus_cedcarbergensis rooibos
genus_Astragalus astragalus
milk-vetch milk_vetch
wild_liquorice wild_licorice
Astragalus_glycyphyllos wild_licorice
Astragalus_alpinus alpine_milk_vetch
Astragalus_danicus purple_milk_vetch
genus_Baphia baphia
African_sandalwood camwood
Baphia_nitida camwood
genus_Baptisia baptisia
false_indigo wild_indigo
Baptisia_australis blue_false_indigo
Baptisia_lactea white_false_indigo
horsefly_weed indigo_broom
rattle_weed indigo_broom
Baptisia_tinctoria indigo_broom
genus_Butea butea
dak dhak
palas dhak
Butea_frondosa dhak
Butea_monosperma dhak
genus_Cajanus cajanus
pigeon-pea_plant pigeon_pea
cajan_pea pigeon_pea
catjang_pea pigeon_pea
red_gram pigeon_pea
dhal pigeon_pea
dahl pigeon_pea
Cajanus_cajan pigeon_pea
genus_Canavalia canavalia
wonder_bean jack_bean
giant_stock_bean jack_bean
Canavalia_ensiformis jack_bean
Canavalia_gladiata sword_bean
caragana pea_tree
Caragana_arborescens siberian_pea_tree
Caragana_sinica chinese_pea_tree
genus_Castanospermum castanospermum
Australian_chestnut moreton_bay_chestnut
genus_Centrosema centrosema
Centrosema_virginianum butterfly_pea
genus_Cercis cercis
love_tree judas_tree
Circis_siliquastrum judas_tree
Cercis_canadensis redbud
California_redbud western_redbud
Cercis_occidentalis western_redbud
genus_Chamaecytisus chamaecytisus
Chamaecytisus_palmensis tagasaste
Cytesis_proliferus tagasaste
genus_Chordospartium chordospartium
genus_Chorizema chorizema
genus_Cicer cicer
chickpea_plant chickpea
Egyptian_pea chickpea
Cicer_arietinum chickpea
garbanzo chickpea
genus_Cladrastis cladrastis
gopherwood kentucky_yellowwood
Cladrastis_lutea kentucky_yellowwood
Cladrastis_kentukea kentucky_yellowwood
clianthus glory_pea
Sturt_pea desert_pea
Sturt's_desert_pea desert_pea
Clianthus_formosus desert_pea
Clianthus_speciosus desert_pea
parrot's_bill parrot's_beak
Clianthus_puniceus parrot's_beak
genus_Clitoria clitoria
Clitoria_mariana butterfly_pea
butterfly_pea blue_pea
Clitoria_turnatea blue_pea
genus_Codariocalyx codariocalyx
semaphore_plant telegraph_plant
Codariocalyx_motorius telegraph_plant
Desmodium_motorium telegraph_plant
Desmodium_gyrans telegraph_plant
genus_Colutea colutea
Colutea_arborescens bladder_senna
crown_vetch axseed
Coronilla_varia axseed
rattlebox crotalaria
Crotalaria_sagitallis american_rattlebox
Crotalaria_spectabilis indian_rattlebox
genus_Cyamopsis cyamopsis
cluster_bean guar
Cyamopsis_tetragonolobus guar
Cyamopsis_psoraloides guar
genus_Cytisus cytisus
white_Spanish_broom white_broom
Cytisus_albus white_broom
Cytisus_multiflorus white_broom
Scotch_broom common_broom
green_broom common_broom
Cytisus_scoparius common_broom
witch_broom witches'_broom
hexenbesen witches'_broom
staghead witches'_broom
genus_Dalbergia dalbergia
rosewood_tree rosewood
East_Indian_rosewood indian_blackwood
East_India_rosewood indian_blackwood
Indian_rosewood indian_blackwood
Dalbergia_latifolia indian_blackwood
sissu sissoo
sisham sissoo
Dalbergia_sissoo sissoo
kingwood_tree kingwood
Dalbergia_cearensis kingwood
caviuna_wood brazilian_rosewood
jacaranda brazilian_rosewood
Dalbergia_nigra brazilian_rosewood
Dalbergia_stevensonii honduras_rosewood
Dalbergia_retusa cocobolo
blackwood_tree blackwood
genus_Dalea dalea
Dalea_spinosa smoke_tree
genus_Daviesia daviesia
tuba_root derris_root
Derris_elliptica derris_root
genus_Desmanthus desmanthus
prickle-weed prairie_mimosa
Desmanthus_ilinoensis prairie_mimosa
genus_Desmodium desmodium
beggar_lice tick_trefoil
beggar's_lice tick_trefoil
Desmodium_tortuosum beggarweed
Desmodium_purpureum beggarweed
genus_Dipogon dipogon
Dipogon_lignosus australian_pea
Dolichos_lignosus australian_pea
genus_Dolichos dolichos
erythrina coral_tree
Cape_kafferboom kaffir_boom
Erythrina_caffra kaffir_boom
Erythrina_corallodendrum coral_bean_tree
crybaby_tree ceibo
cry-baby_tree ceibo
common_coral_tree ceibo
Erythrina_crista-galli ceibo
Transvaal_kafferboom kaffir_boom
Erythrina_lysistemon kaffir_boom
Erythrina_variegata indian_coral_tree
Erythrina_Indica indian_coral_tree
Erythrina_vespertilio cork_tree
genus_Galega galega
goat_rue goat's_rue
Galega_officinalis goat's_rue
poison_pea poison_bush
gastrolobium poison_bush
genus_Genista genista
needle_furze broom_tree
petty_whin broom_tree
Genista_anglica broom_tree
Spanish_gorse spanish_broom
Genista_hispanica spanish_broom
dyer's_greenweed woodwaxen
dyer's-broom woodwaxen
dyeweed woodwaxen
greenweed woodwaxen
whin woodwaxen
woadwaxen woodwaxen
Genista_tinctoria woodwaxen
genus_Geoffroea geoffroea
chanal chanar
Geoffroea_decorticans chanar
genus_Glycine glycine
soya soy
soybean soy
soya_bean soy
soybean_plant soy
soja soy
soja_bean soy
Glycine_max soy
soybean soy
soya_bean soy
genus_Glycyrrhiza glycyrrhiza
liquorice licorice
Glycyrrhiza_glabra licorice
wild_liquorice wild_licorice
American_licorice wild_licorice
American_liquorice wild_licorice
Glycyrrhiza_lepidota wild_licorice
genus_Halimodendron halimodendron
Halimodendron_halodendron salt_tree
Halimodendron_argenteum salt_tree
genus_Hardenbergia hardenbergia
Hardenbergia_comnptoniana western_australia_coral_pea
genus_Hedysarum hedysarum
Hedysarum_boreale sweet_vetch
sulla french_honeysuckle
Hedysarum_coronarium french_honeysuckle
genus_Hippocrepis hippocrepis
Hippocrepis_comosa horseshoe_vetch
purple_pea hovea
genus_Indigofera indigofera
indigo_plant indigo
Indigofera_tinctoria indigo
Indigofera_suffruticosa anil
Indigofera_anil anil
genus_Jacksonia jacksonia
genus_Kennedia kennedia
Kennedya kennedia
genus_Kennedya kennedia
Kennedia_coccinea coral_vine
running_postman scarlet_runner
Kennedia_prostrata scarlet_runner
genus_Lablab lablab
bonavist hyacinth_bean
Indian_bean hyacinth_bean
Egyptian_bean hyacinth_bean
Lablab_purpureus hyacinth_bean
Dolichos_lablab hyacinth_bean
genus_Laburnum laburnum
Alpine_golden_chain scotch_laburnum
Laburnum_alpinum scotch_laburnum
golden_chain common_laburnum
golden_rain common_laburnum
Laburnum_anagyroides common_laburnum
genus_Lathyrus lathyrus
Caley_pea singletary_pea
rough_pea singletary_pea
wild_winterpea singletary_pea
Lathyrus_hirsutus singletary_pea
perennial_pea broad-leaved_everlasting_pea
Lathyrus_latifolius broad-leaved_everlasting_pea
sea_pea beach_pea
Lathyrus_maritimus beach_pea
Lathyrus_japonicus beach_pea
Lathyrus_niger black_pea
grass_vetchling grass_vetch
Lathyrus_nissolia grass_vetch
sweetpea sweet_pea
Lathyrus_odoratus sweet_pea
Lathyrus_palustris marsh_pea
meadow_pea common_vetchling
yellow_vetchling common_vetchling
Lathyrus_pratensis common_vetchling
Indian_pea grass_pea
khesari grass_pea
Lathyrus_sativus grass_pea
Lathyrus_splendens pride_of_california
narrow-leaved_everlasting_pea flat_pea
Lathyrus_sylvestris flat_pea
Tangier_peavine tangier_pea
Lalthyrus_tingitanus tangier_pea
earth-nut_pea heath_pea
earthnut_pea heath_pea
tuberous_vetch heath_pea
Lathyrus_tuberosus heath_pea
spring_vetch spring_vetchling
Lathyrus_vernus spring_vetchling
lespedeza bush_clover
ezo-yama-hagi bicolor_lespediza
Lespedeza_bicolor bicolor_lespediza
japan_clover japanese_clover
jap_clover japanese_clover
Lespedeza_striata japanese_clover
Lespedeza_stipulacea korean_lespedeza
Lespedeza_sericea sericea_lespedeza
Lespedeza_cuneata sericea_lespedeza
genus_Lens lens
lentil_plant lentil
Lens_culinaris lentil
genus_Lonchocarpus lonchocarpus
genus_Lotus lotus
compass_plant prairie_bird's-foot_trefoil
prairie_lotus prairie_bird's-foot_trefoil
prairie_trefoil prairie_bird's-foot_trefoil
Lotus_americanus prairie_bird's-foot_trefoil
Lotus_berthelotii coral_gem
bird's_foot_clover bird's_foot_trefoil
babies'_slippers bird's_foot_trefoil
bacon_and_eggs bird's_foot_trefoil
Lotus_corniculatus bird's_foot_trefoil
asparagus_pea winged_pea
Lotus_tetragonolobus winged_pea
genus_Lupinus lupinus
lupin lupine
field_lupine white_lupine
wolf_bean white_lupine
Egyptian_lupine white_lupine
Lupinus_albus white_lupine
Lupinus_arboreus tree_lupine
Lupinus_luteus yellow_lupine
sundial_lupine wild_lupine
Indian_beet wild_lupine
old-maid's_bonnet wild_lupine
Lupinus_perennis wild_lupine
buffalo_clover bluebonnet
Texas_bluebonnet bluebonnet
Lupinus_subcarnosus bluebonnet
Lupinus_texensis texas_bluebonnet
genus_Macrotyloma macrotyloma
horse_grain horse_gram
poor_man's_pulse horse_gram
Macrotyloma_uniflorum horse_gram
Dolichos_biflorus horse_gram
genus_Medicago medicago
medick medic
trefoil medic
Medicago_arborea moon_trefoil
sickle_lucerne sickle_alfalfa
sickle_medick sickle_alfalfa
Medicago_falcata sickle_alfalfa
Medicago_intertexta calvary_clover
Medicago_echinus calvary_clover
hop_clover black_medick
yellow_trefoil black_medick
nonesuch_clover black_medick
Medicago_lupulina black_medick
lucerne alfalfa
Medicago_sativa alfalfa
Stizolobium genus_mucuna
genus_Stizolobium genus_mucuna
velvet_bean cowage
Bengal_bean cowage
Benghal_bean cowage
Florida_bean cowage
Mucuna_pruriens_utilis cowage
Mucuna_deeringiana cowage
Mucuna_aterrima cowage
Stizolobium_deeringiana cowage
genus_Myroxylon myroxylon
tolu_balsam_tree tolu_tree
Myroxylon_balsamum tolu_tree
Myroxylon_toluiferum tolu_tree
Myroxylon_pereirae peruvian_balsam
Myroxylon_balsamum_pereirae peruvian_balsam
balsam_of_tolu tolu
tolu_balsam tolu
genus_Onobrychis onobrychis
sanfoin sainfoin
holy_clover sainfoin
esparcet sainfoin
Onobrychis_viciifolia sainfoin
Onobrychis_viciaefolia sainfoin
genus_Ononis ononis
rest-harrow restharrow
Ononis_repens restharrow
rest-harrow restharrow
Ononis_spinosa restharrow
genus_Ormosia ormosia
jumby_bean bead_tree
jumby_tree bead_tree
Ormosia_monosperma bead_tree
jumbie_bead jumby_bead
Ormosia_coarctata jumby_bead
genus_Oxytropis oxytropis
crazyweed locoweed
crazy_weed locoweed
purple_loco purple_locoweed
Oxytropis_lambertii purple_locoweed
genus_Pachyrhizus pachyrhizus
Pachyrhizus_erosus yam_bean
potato_bean yam_bean
Pachyrhizus_tuberosus yam_bean
genus_Parochetus parochetus
Parochetus_communis shamrock_pea
genus_Phaseolus phaseolus
bean_plant bean
common_bean_plant common_bean
Phaseolus_vulgaris common_bean
frijol kidney_bean
frijole kidney_bean
scarlet_runner_bean scarlet_runner
Dutch_case-knife_bean scarlet_runner
runner_bean scarlet_runner
Phaseolus_coccineus scarlet_runner
Phaseolus_multiflorus scarlet_runner
shell_bean_plant shell_bean
lima_bean_plant lima_bean
Phaseolus_limensis lima_bean
butter_bean sieva_bean
butter-bean_plant sieva_bean
lima_bean sieva_bean
Phaseolus_lunatus sieva_bean
Phaseolus_acutifolius_latifolius tepary_bean
genus_Pickeringia pickeringia
stingaree-bush chaparral_pea
Pickeringia_montana chaparral_pea
genus_Piscidia piscidia
fish_fuddle jamaica_dogwood
Piscidia_piscipula jamaica_dogwood
Piscidia_erythrina jamaica_dogwood
genus_Pisum pisum
pea_plant pea
garden_pea_plant garden_pea
common_pea garden_pea
Pisum_sativum garden_pea
edible-podded_pea edible-pod_pea
Pisum_sativum_macrocarpon edible-pod_pea
sugar_pea snow_pea
snap_pea sugar_snap_pea
field-pea_plant field_pea
Austrian_winter_pea field_pea
Pisum_sativum_arvense field_pea
Pisum_arvense field_pea
genus_Platylobium platylobium
Platylobium_formosum flat_pea
native_holly common_flat_pea
Playlobium_obtusangulum common_flat_pea
genus_Platymiscium platymiscium
Platymiscium_trinitatis roble
Panama_redwood panama_redwood_tree
Platymiscium_pinnatum panama_redwood_tree
quira panama_redwood
genus_Podalyria podalyria
genus_Pongamia pongamia
Pongamia_glabra indian_beech
genus_Psophocarpus psophocarpus
winged_pea winged_bean
goa_bean winged_bean
goa_bean_vine winged_bean
Manila_bean winged_bean
Psophocarpus_tetragonolobus winged_bean
genus_Psoralea psoralea
Indian_breadroot breadroot
pomme_blanche breadroot
pomme_de_prairie breadroot
Psoralea_esculenta breadroot
genus_Pterocarpus pterocarpus
kiaat bloodwood_tree
Pterocarpus_angolensis bloodwood_tree
padouk padauk
amboyna padauk
Pterocarpus_indicus padauk
Andaman_redwood amboyna
Burmese_rosewood burma_padauk
Pterocarpus_macrocarpus burma_padauk
Pterocarpus_marsupium kino
Malabar_kino east_india_kino
kino_gum east_india_kino
red_sanders red_sandalwood
red_sanderswood red_sandalwood
red_saunders red_sandalwood
Pterocarpus_santalinus red_sandalwood
red_sandalwood ruby_wood
genus_Pueraria pueraria
kudzu_vine kudzu
Pueraria_lobata kudzu
genus_Retama retama
raetam retem
juniper_bush retem
juniper retem
Retama_raetam retem
Genista_raetam retem
genus_Robinia robinia
rose_acacia bristly_locust
moss_locust bristly_locust
Robinia_hispida bristly_locust
yellow_locust black_locust
Robinia_pseudoacacia black_locust
Robinia_viscosa clammy_locust
genus_Sabinea sabinea
Sabinea_carinalis carib_wood
Sesbania_exaltata colorado_river_hemp
vegetable_hummingbird scarlet_wisteria_tree
Sesbania_grandiflora scarlet_wisteria_tree
genus_Sophora sophora
Chinese_scholartree japanese_pagoda_tree
Chinese_scholar_tree japanese_pagoda_tree
Sophora_japonica japanese_pagoda_tree
Sophora_sinensis japanese_pagoda_tree
coral_bean mescal_bean
frijolito mescal_bean
frijolillo mescal_bean
Sophora_secundiflora mescal_bean
Sophora_tetraptera kowhai
genus_Spartium spartium
weaver's_broom spanish_broom
Spartium_junceum spanish_broom
genus_Strongylodon strongylodon
emerald_creeper jade_vine
Strongylodon_macrobotrys jade_vine
genus_Templetonia templetonia
flame_bush coral_bush
Templetonia_retusa coral_bush
genus_Tephrosia tephrosia
Tephrosia_purpurea bastard_indigo
goat's_rue catgut
wild_sweet_pea catgut
Tephrosia_virginiana catgut
genus_Thermopsis thermopsis
golden_pea false_lupine
yellow_pea false_lupine
Thermopsis_macrophylla false_lupine
Thermopsis_villosa carolina_lupine
genus_Tipuana tipuana
tipu_tree tipu
yellow_jacaranda tipu
pride_of_Bolivia tipu
genus_Trigonella trigonella
Trigonella_ornithopodioides bird's_foot_trefoil
Greek_clover fenugreek
Trigonella_foenumgraecum fenugreek
genus_Ulex ulex
furze gorse
whin gorse
Irish_gorse gorse
Ulex_europaeus gorse
genus_Vicia vicia
bird_vetch tufted_vetch
Calnada_pea tufted_vetch
Vicia_cracca tufted_vetch
broad-bean broad_bean
broad-bean_plant broad_bean
English_bean broad_bean
European_bean broad_bean
field_bean broad_bean
Vicia_faba broad_bean
fava_bean broad_bean
horsebean broad_bean
Vicia_orobus bitter_betch
Vicia_sativa spring_vetch
Vicia_sepium bush_vetch
hairy_tare hairy_vetch
Vicia_villosa hairy_vetch
genus_Vigna vigna
Vigna_aconitifolia moth_bean
Phaseolus_aconitifolius moth_bean
adsuki_bean adzuki_bean
Vigna_angularis adzuki_bean
Phaseolus_angularis adzuki_bean
snail-flower snailflower
snail_flower snailflower
snail_bean snailflower
corkscrew_flower snailflower
Vigna_caracalla snailflower
Phaseolus_caracalla snailflower
mung_bean mung
green_gram mung
golden_gram mung
Vigna_radiata mung
Phaseolus_aureus mung
cowpea_plant cowpea
black-eyed_pea cowpea
Vigna_unguiculata cowpea
Vigna_sinensis cowpea
black-eyed_pea cowpea
yard-long_bean asparagus_bean
Vigna_unguiculata_sesquipedalis asparagus_bean
Vigna_sesquipedalis asparagus_bean
genus_Viminaria viminaria
Viminaria_juncea swamp_oak
Viminaria_denudata swamp_oak
genus_Virgilia virgilia
Virgilia_capensis keurboom
Virgilia_oroboides keurboom
Virgilia_divaricata keurboom
wistaria wisteria
Wisteria_floribunda japanese_wistaria
Wisteria_chinensis chinese_wistaria
American_wisteria american_wistaria
Wisteria_frutescens american_wistaria
Wisteria_venusta silky_wisteria
order_Palmales palmales
family_Palmae palmae
Palmaceae palmae
family_Palmaceae palmae
Arecaceae palmae
family_Arecaceae palmae
palm_family palmae
palm_tree palm
genus_Acrocomia acrocomia
coyol_palm coyol
Acrocomia_vinifera coyol
gri-gri grugru
grugru_palm grugru
macamba grugru
Acrocomia_aculeata grugru
Areca_catechu betel_palm
genus_Arenga arenga
gomuti sugar_palm
gomuti_palm sugar_palm
Arenga_pinnata sugar_palm
genus_Attalea attalea
pissaba_palm piassava_palm
Bahia_piassava piassava_palm
bahia_coquilla piassava_palm
Attalea_funifera piassava_palm
genus_Borassus borassus
palmyra_palm palmyra
toddy_palm palmyra
wine_palm palmyra
lontar palmyra
longar_palm palmyra
Borassus_flabellifer palmyra
rattan_palm rattan
Calamus_rotang rattan
Calamus_australis lawyer_cane
genus_Caryota caryota
jaggery_palm wine_palm
kitul wine_palm
kittul wine_palm
kitul_tree wine_palm
toddy_palm wine_palm
Caryota_urens wine_palm
genus_Ceroxylon ceroxylon
Ceroxylon_andicola wax_palm
Ceroxylon_alpinum wax_palm
genus_Cocos cocos
coconut_palm coconut
coco_palm coconut
coco coconut
cocoa_palm coconut
coconut_tree coconut
Cocos_nucifera coconut
genus_Copernicia copernicia
carnauba_palm carnauba
wax_palm carnauba
Copernicia_prunifera carnauba
Copernicia_cerifera carnauba
carnauba carnauba_wax
caranda caranday
caranda_palm caranday
wax_palm caranday
Copernicia_australis caranday
Copernicia_alba caranday
corozo_palm corozo
genus_Corypha corypha
Corypha_utan gebang_palm
Corypha_gebanga gebang_palm
latanier_palm latanier
talipot_palm talipot
Corypha_umbraculifera talipot
genus_Elaeis elaeis
Elaeis_guineensis african_oil_palm
Elaeis_oleifera american_oil_palm
palm_kernel palm_nut
genus_Euterpe euterpe
Euterpe_oleracea cabbage_palm
genus_Livistona livistona
cabbage_tree cabbage_palm
Livistona_australis cabbage_palm
genus_Metroxylon metroxylon
Metroxylon_sagu true_sago_palm
genus_Nipa nipa
Nypa nipa
genus_Nypa nipa
Nipa_fruticans nipa_palm
genus_Orbignya orbignya
babassu_palm babassu
coco_de_macao babassu
Orbignya_phalerata babassu
Orbignya_spesiosa babassu
Orbignya_martiana babassu
babacu_oil babassu_oil
Orbignya_cohune cohune_palm
cohune cohune_palm
cohune_oil cohune-nut_oil
cohune_fat cohune-nut_oil
genus_Phoenicophorium phoenicophorium
genus_Phoenix phoenix
Phoenix_dactylifera date_palm
genus_Phytelephas phytelephas
ivory-nut_palm ivory_palm
ivory_plant ivory_palm
Phytelephas_macrocarpa ivory_palm
vegetable_ivory ivory_nut
apple_nut ivory_nut
genus_Raffia raffia
Raphia raffia
genus_Raphia raffia
Raffia_farinifera raffia_palm
Raffia_ruffia raffia_palm
jupaty jupati
jupati_palm jupati
Raffia_taedigera jupati
Raffia_vinifera bamboo_palm
genus_Rhapis rhapis
bamboo_palm miniature_fan_palm
fern_rhapis miniature_fan_palm
Rhapis_excelsa miniature_fan_palm
slender_lady_palm reed_rhapis
Rhapis_humilis reed_rhapis
genus_Roystonea roystonea
Roystonea_regia royal_palm
Roystonea_oleracea cabbage_palm
genus_Sabal sabal
cabbage_palm cabbage_palmetto
Sabal_palmetto cabbage_palmetto
genus_Serenoa serenoa
scrub_palmetto saw_palmetto
Serenoa_repens saw_palmetto
genus_Thrinax thrinax
thatch_tree thatch_palm
silver_thatch thatch_palm
broom_palm thatch_palm
Thrinax_parviflora thatch_palm
silvertop_palmetto key_palm
silver_thatch key_palm
Thrinax_microcarpa key_palm
Thrinax_morrisii key_palm
Thrinax_keyensis key_palm
order_Plantaginales plantaginales
family_Plantaginaceae plantaginaceae
plantain_family plantaginaceae
genus_Plantago plantago
narrow-leaved_plantain english_plantain
ribgrass english_plantain
ribwort english_plantain
ripple-grass english_plantain
buckthorn english_plantain
Plantago_lanceolata english_plantain
common_plantain broad-leaved_plantain
white-man's_foot broad-leaved_plantain
whiteman's_foot broad-leaved_plantain
cart-track_plant broad-leaved_plantain
Plantago_major broad-leaved_plantain
Plantago_media hoary_plantain
psyllium fleawort
Spanish_psyllium fleawort
Plantago_psyllium fleawort
broad-leaved_plantain rugel's_plantain
Plantago_rugelii rugel's_plantain
Plantago_virginica hoary_plantain
order_Polygonales polygonales
family_Polygonaceae polygonaceae
buckwheat_family polygonaceae
genus_Polygonum polygonum
China_fleece_vine silver_lace_vine
Russian_vine silver_lace_vine
Polygonum_aubertii silver_lace_vine
genus_Fagopyrum fagopyrum
Polygonum_fagopyrum buckwheat
Fagopyrum_esculentum buckwheat
princess_feather prince's-feather
kiss-me-over-the-garden-gate prince's-feather
prince's-plume prince's-feather
Polygonum_orientale prince's-feather
Eriogonum_allenii umbrella_plant
California_buckwheat wild_buckwheat
Erigonum_fasciculatum wild_buckwheat
genus_Rheum rheum
rhubarb_plant rhubarb
Indian_rhubarb himalayan_rhubarb
red-veined_pie_plant himalayan_rhubarb
Rheum_australe himalayan_rhubarb
Rheum_emodi himalayan_rhubarb
garden_rhubarb pie_plant
Rheum_cultorum pie_plant
Rheum_rhabarbarum pie_plant
Rheum_rhaponticum pie_plant
Rheum_palmatum chinese_rhubarb
genus_Rumex rumex
sorrel dock
sour_grass dock
garden_sorrel sour_dock
Rumex_acetosa sour_dock
sheep's_sorrel sheep_sorrel
Rumex_acetosella sheep_sorrel
broad-leaved_dock bitter_dock
yellow_dock bitter_dock
Rumex_obtusifolius bitter_dock
garden_sorrel french_sorrel
Rumex_scutatus french_sorrel
order_Xyridales xyridales
Commelinales xyridales
order_Commelinales xyridales
family_Xyridaceae xyridaceae
yellow-eyed_grass_family xyridaceae
genus_Xyris xyris
Xyris_operculata tall_yellow-eye
family_Commelinaceae commelinaceae
spiderwort_family commelinaceae
dayflower spiderwort
St.-Bruno's-lily st
Paradisea_liliastrum st
genus_Tradescantia tradescantia
family_Bromeliaceae bromeliaceae
pineapple_family bromeliaceae
genus_Ananas ananas
pineapple_plant pineapple
Ananas_comosus pineapple
genus_Tillandsia tillandsia
old_man's_beard spanish_moss
black_moss spanish_moss
long_moss spanish_moss
Tillandsia_usneoides spanish_moss
family_Mayacaceae mayacaceae
genus_Mayaca mayaca
family_Rapateaceae rapateaceae
family_Eriocaulaceae eriocaulaceae
pipewort_family eriocaulaceae
genus_Eriocaulon eriocaulon
Eriocaulon_aquaticum pipewort
family_Pontederiaceae pontederiaceae
pickerelweed_family pontederiaceae
genus_Pontederia pontederia
pickerel_weed pickerelweed
wampee pickerelweed
Pontederia_cordata pickerelweed
genus_Eichhornia eichhornia
water_orchid water_hyacinth
Eichhornia_crassipes water_hyacinth
Eichhornia_spesiosa water_hyacinth
genus_Heteranthera heteranthera
mud_plantain water_star_grass
Heteranthera_dubia water_star_grass
order_Naiadales naiadales
Alismales naiadales
order_Alismales naiadales
family_Naiadaceae naiadaceae
Najadaceae naiadaceae
family_Najadaceae naiadaceae
naiad_family naiadaceae
genus_Naias naias
Najas naias
genus_Najas naias
water_nymph naiad
family_Alismataceae alismataceae
water-plantain_family alismataceae
genus_Alisma alisma
Alisma_plantago-aquatica water_plantain
genus_Sagittaria sagittaria
family_Hydrocharitaceae hydrocharitaceae
Hydrocharidaceae hydrocharitaceae
family_Hydrocharidaceae hydrocharitaceae
frogbit_family hydrocharitaceae
frog's-bit_family hydrocharitaceae
genus_Hydrocharis hydrocharis
frog's-bit frogbit
Hydrocharis_morsus-ranae frogbit
Hydrilla_verticillata hydrilla
genus_Limnobium limnobium
Limnodium_spongia american_frogbit
genus_Elodea elodea
pondweed elodea
ditchmoss elodea
Elodea_canadensis canadian_pondweed
Elodea_densa dense-leaved_elodea
Egeria_densa dense-leaved_elodea
genus_Egeria egeria
genus_Vallisneria vallisneria
eelgrass tape_grass
wild_celery tape_grass
Vallisneria_spiralis tape_grass
family_Potamogetonaceae potamogetonaceae
pondweed_family potamogetonaceae
genus_Potamogeton potamogeton
curly_pondweed curled_leaf_pondweed
Potamogeton_crispus curled_leaf_pondweed
Potamogeton_gramineous variously-leaved_pondweed
Potamogeton_nodosus loddon_pondweed
Potamogeton_americanus loddon_pondweed
genus_Groenlandia groenlandia
family_Scheuchzeriaceae scheuchzeriaceae
Juncaginaceae scheuchzeriaceae
family_Juncaginaceae scheuchzeriaceae
arrow-grass_family scheuchzeriaceae
genus_Triglochin triglochin
Triglochin_maritima arrow_grass
family_Zannichelliaceae zannichelliaceae
genus_Zannichellia zannichellia
Zannichellia_palustris horned_pondweed
family_Zosteraceae zosteraceae
eelgrass_family zosteraceae
genus_Zostera zostera
grass_wrack eelgrass
sea_wrack eelgrass
Zostera_marina eelgrass
order_Rosales rosales
family_Rosaceae rosaceae
rose_family rosaceae
genus_Rosa rosa
rosebush rose
rose_hip hip
rosehip hip
Rosa_pendulina mountain_rose
Rosa_spithamaea ground_rose
Rosa_banksia banksia_rose
Rosa_canina dog_rose
Bengal_rose china_rose
Rosa_chinensis china_rose
summer_damask_rose damask_rose
Rosa_damascena damask_rose
sweetbriar sweetbrier
brier sweetbrier
briar sweetbrier
eglantine sweetbrier
Rosa_eglanteria sweetbrier
brierpatch brier
brier_patch brier
Rosa_laevigata cherokee_rose
multiflora_rose multiflora
Japanese_rose multiflora
baby_rose multiflora
Rosa_multiflora multiflora
Rosa_moschata musk_rose
Rosa_odorata tea_rose
agrimony agrimonia
Agrimonia_eupatoria harvest-lice
Agrimonia_procera fragrant_agrimony
genus_Amelanchier amelanchier
serviceberry juneberry
service_tree juneberry
shadbush juneberry
shadblow juneberry
alder-leaved_serviceberry alderleaf_juneberry
Amelanchier_alnifolia alderleaf_juneberry
Amelanchier_bartramiana bartram_juneberry
genus_Chaenomeles chaenomeles
maule's_quince japonica
Chaenomeles_japonica japonica
Chaenomeles_speciosa japanese_quince
genus_Chrysobalanus chrysobalanus
coco_plum_tree coco_plum
cocoa_plum coco_plum
icaco coco_plum
Chrysobalanus_icaco coco_plum
genus_Crataegus crataegus
haw hawthorn
parsley-leaved_thorn parsley_haw
Crataegus_apiifolia parsley_haw
Crataegus_marshallii parsley_haw
Crataegus_biltmoreana scarlet_haw
pear_haw blackthorn
pear_hawthorn blackthorn
Crataegus_calpodendron blackthorn
Crataegus_tomentosa blackthorn
cockspur_hawthorn cockspur_thorn
Crataegus_crus-galli cockspur_thorn
summer_haw mayhaw
Crataegus_aestivalis mayhaw
English_hawthorn whitethorn
may whitethorn
Crataegus_laevigata whitethorn
Crataegus_oxycantha whitethorn
Crataegus_monogyna english_hawthorn
downy_haw red_haw
Crataegus_mollis red_haw
Crataegus_coccinea_mollis red_haw
Crataegus_oxyacantha evergreen_thorn
Crataegus_pedicellata red_haw
Crataegus_coccinea red_haw
genus_Cydonia cydonia
quince_bush quince
Cydonia_oblonga quince
genus_Dryas dryas
Dryas_octopetala mountain_avens
genus_Eriobotrya eriobotrya
loquat_tree loquat
Japanese_medlar loquat
Japanese_plum loquat
Eriobotrya_japonica loquat
genus_Fragaria fragaria
cultivated_strawberry garden_strawberry
Fragaria_ananassa garden_strawberry
wood_strawberry wild_strawberry
Fragaria_vesca wild_strawberry
Chilean_strawberry beach_strawberry
Fragaria_chiloensis beach_strawberry
scarlet_strawberry virginia_strawberry
Fragaria_virginiana virginia_strawberry
genus_Geum geum
Geum_alleppicum_strictum yellow_avens
Geum_strictum yellow_avens
white_avens bennet
Geum_canadense bennet
Geum_macrophyllum yellow_avens
Indian_chocolate water_avens
purple_avens water_avens
chocolate_root water_avens
Geum_rivale water_avens
purple_avens prairie_smoke
Geum_triflorum prairie_smoke
cloveroot herb_bennet
clover-root herb_bennet
wood_avens herb_bennet
Geum_urbanum herb_bennet
white_avens bennet
Geum_virginianum bennet
genus_Heteromeles heteromeles
tollon toyon
Christmasberry toyon
Christmas_berry toyon
Heteromeles_arbutifolia toyon
Photinia_arbutifolia toyon
genus_Malus malus
orchard_apple_tree apple
Malus_pumila apple
crab_apple wild_apple
crabapple wild_apple
crabapple crab_apple
cultivated_crab_apple crab_apple
Siberian_crab_apple siberian_crab
cherry_apple siberian_crab
cherry_crab siberian_crab
Malus_baccata siberian_crab
Malus_sylvestris wild_crab
garland_crab american_crab_apple
Malus_coronaria american_crab_apple
Malus_fusca oregon_crab_apple
flowering_crab southern_crab_apple
Malus_angustifolia southern_crab_apple
Iowa_crab_apple iowa_crab
prairie_crab iowa_crab
western_crab_apple iowa_crab
Malus_ioensis iowa_crab
flowering_crab bechtel_crab
genus_Mespilus mespilus
medlar_tree medlar
Mespilus_germanica medlar
genus_Photinia photinia
genus_Potentilla potentilla
five-finger cinquefoil
goose-tansy silverweed
goose_grass silverweed
Potentilla_anserina silverweed
genus_Poterium poterium
burnet_bloodwort salad_burnet
pimpernel salad_burnet
Poterium_sanguisorba salad_burnet
genus_Prunus prunus
plum_tree plum
wild_plum_tree wild_plum
Alleghany_plum allegheny_plum
sloe allegheny_plum
Prunus_alleghaniensis allegheny_plum
August_plum american_red_plum
goose_plum american_red_plum
Prunus_americana american_red_plum
hog_plum chickasaw_plum
hog_plum_bush chickasaw_plum
Prunus_angustifolia chickasaw_plum
beach_plum_bush beach_plum
Prunus_maritima beach_plum
Prunus_domestica common_plum
Prunus_insititia bullace
damson_plum_tree damson_plum
Prunus_domestica_insititia damson_plum
Prunus_mexicana big-tree_plum
Prunus_nigra canada_plum
plumcot_tree plumcot
apricot_tree apricot
mei japanese_apricot
Prunus_mume japanese_apricot
Prunus_armeniaca common_apricot
black_apricot purple_apricot
Prunus_dasycarpa purple_apricot
cherry_tree cherry
wild_cherry_tree wild_cherry
Prunus_avium sweet_cherry
oxheart heart_cherry
oxheart_cherry heart_cherry
mazzard gean
mazzard_cherry gean
Rocky_Mountains_cherry western_sand_cherry
Prunus_besseyi western_sand_cherry
capulin_tree capulin
Prunus_capuli capulin
laurel_cherry cherry_laurel
mock_orange cherry_laurel
wild_orange cherry_laurel
Prunus_caroliniana cherry_laurel
myrobalan cherry_plum
myrobalan_plum cherry_plum
Prunus_cerasifera cherry_plum
sour_cherry_tree sour_cherry
Prunus_cerasus sour_cherry
Prunus_cerasus_caproniana amarelle
Prunus_cerasus_austera morello
marasca_cherry marasca
maraschino_cherry marasca
Prunus_cerasus_marasca marasca
family_Amygdalaceae amygdalaceae
genus_Amygdalus amygdalus
sweet_almond almond
Prunus_dulcis almond
Prunus_amygdalus almond
Amygdalus_communis almond
Prunus_dulcis_amara bitter_almond
Amygdalus_communis_amara bitter_almond
expressed_almond_oil almond_oil
sweet_almond_oil almond_oil
Prunus_glandulosa dwarf_flowering_almond
holly-leaf_cherry holly-leaved_cherry
evergreen_cherry holly-leaved_cherry
islay holly-leaved_cherry
Prunus_ilicifolia holly-leaved_cherry
fuji_cherry fuji
Prunus_incisa fuji
oriental_bush_cherry flowering_almond
Prunus_japonica flowering_almond
laurel_cherry cherry_laurel
Prunus_laurocerasus cherry_laurel
Prunus_lyonii catalina_cherry
bird_cherry_tree bird_cherry
European_bird_cherry hagberry_tree
common_bird_cherry hagberry_tree
Prunus_padus hagberry_tree
Prunus_pensylvanica pin_cherry
peach_tree peach
Prunus_persica peach
nectarine_tree nectarine
Prunus_persica_nectarina nectarine
Prunus_pumila sand_cherry
Prunus_pumilla_susquehanae sand_cherry
Prunus_susquehanae sand_cherry
Prunus_cuneata sand_cherry
Prunus_salicina japanese_plum
black_cherry_tree black_cherry
rum_cherry black_cherry
Prunus_serotina black_cherry
Japanese_cherry oriental_cherry
Japanese_flowering_cherry oriental_cherry
Prunus_serrulata oriental_cherry
Prunus_sieboldii japanese_flowering_cherry
sloe blackthorn
Prunus_spinosa blackthorn
Pacific_plum sierra_plum
Prunus_subcordata sierra_plum
winter_flowering_cherry rosebud_cherry
Prunus_subhirtella rosebud_cherry
dwarf_Russian_almond russian_almond
Prunus_tenella russian_almond
Prunus_triloba flowering_almond
chokecherry_tree chokecherry
Prunus_virginiana chokecherry
Prunus_virginiana_demissa western_chokecherry
Prunus_demissa western_chokecherry
pyracanth pyracantha
fire_thorn pyracantha
firethorn pyracantha
genus_Pyrus pyrus
pear_tree pear
Pyrus_communis pear
genus_Rubus rubus
lawyer_bush lawyerbush
bush_lawyer lawyerbush
Rubus_cissoides lawyerbush
Rubus_australis lawyerbush
Rubus_saxatilis stone_bramble
blackberry_bush blackberry
Rubus_fruticosus true_blackberry
Rubus_cuneifolius sand_blackberry
dewberry_bush dewberry
running_blackberry dewberry
western_dewberry western_blackberry
Rubus_ursinus western_blackberry
boysenberry_bush boysenberry
Rubus_loganobaccus loganberry
Rubus_ursinus_loganobaccus loganberry
Rubus_canadensis american_dewberry
American_dewberry northern_dewberry
Rubus_flagellaris northern_dewberry
Rubus_trivialis southern_dewberry
swamp_blackberry swamp_dewberry
Rubus_hispidus swamp_dewberry
Rubus_caesius european_dewberry
raspberry_bush raspberry
European_raspberry wild_raspberry
framboise wild_raspberry
Rubus_idaeus wild_raspberry
Rubus_strigosus american_raspberry
Rubus_idaeus_strigosus american_raspberry
blackcap black_raspberry
blackcap_raspberry black_raspberry
thimbleberry black_raspberry
Rubus_occidentalis black_raspberry
Rubus_spectabilis salmonberry
salmon_berry salmonberry
thimbleberry salmonberry
Rubus_parviflorus salmonberry
dwarf_mulberry cloudberry
bakeapple cloudberry
baked-apple_berry cloudberry
salmonberry cloudberry
Rubus_chamaemorus cloudberry
purple-flowering_raspberry flowering_raspberry
Rubus_odoratus flowering_raspberry
thimbleberry flowering_raspberry
Rubus_phoenicolasius wineberry
genus_Sorbus sorbus
rowan_tree rowan
European_mountain_ash rowan
Sorbus_aucuparia rowan
Sorbus_americana american_mountain_ash
Sorbus_sitchensis western_mountain_ash
sorb_apple service_tree
sorb_apple_tree service_tree
Sorbus_domestica service_tree
Sorbus_torminalis wild_service_tree
genus_Spiraea spiraea
spiraea spirea
bridal-wreath bridal_wreath
Saint_Peter's_wreath bridal_wreath
St._Peter's_wreath bridal_wreath
Spiraea_prunifolia bridal_wreath
order_Rubiales rubiales
family_Rubiaceae rubiaceae
madder_family rubiaceae
rubiaceous_plant madderwort
genus_Rubia rubia
munjeet indian_madder
Rubia_cordifolia indian_madder
Rubia_tinctorum madder
genus_Asperula asperula
Asperula_tinctoria dyer's_woodruff
genus_Calycophyllum calycophyllum
lemonwood_tree dagame
Calycophyllum_candidissimum dagame
genus_Chiococca chiococca
West_Indian_snowberry blolly
Chiococca_alba blolly
genus_Coffea coffea
coffee_tree coffee
Coffea_arabica arabian_coffee
Coffea_liberica liberian_coffee
Rio_Nunez_coffee robusta_coffee
Coffea_robusta robusta_coffee
Coffea_canephora robusta_coffee
genus_Chinchona genus_cinchona
chinchona cinchona
Cinchona_cordifolia cartagena_bark
Cinchona_lancifolia cartagena_bark
Cinchona_officinalis calisaya
Cinchona_ledgeriana calisaya
Cinchona_calisaya calisaya
Cinchona_pubescens cinchona_tree
cinchona_bark cinchona
Peruvian_bark cinchona
Jesuit's_bark cinchona
genus_Galium galium
waldmeister sweet_woodruff
woodruff sweet_woodruff
fragrant_bedstraw sweet_woodruff
Galium_odoratum sweet_woodruff
Asperula_odorata sweet_woodruff
Northern_snow_bedstraw northern_bedstraw
Galium_boreale northern_bedstraw
yellow_cleavers yellow_bedstraw
Our_Lady's_bedstraw yellow_bedstraw
Galium_verum yellow_bedstraw
Galium_lanceolatum wild_licorice
clivers cleavers
goose_grass cleavers
catchweed cleavers
spring_cleavers cleavers
Galium_aparine cleavers
white_madder wild_madder
white_bedstraw wild_madder
infant's-breath wild_madder
false_baby's_breath wild_madder
Galium_mollugo wild_madder
cape_jessamine cape_jasmine
Gardenia_jasminoides cape_jasmine
Gardenia_augusta cape_jasmine
jagua genipap_fruit
marmalade_box genipap_fruit
Genipa_Americana genipap_fruit
scarlet_hamelia scarlet_bush
coloradillo scarlet_bush
Hamelia_patens scarlet_bush
Hamelia_erecta scarlet_bush
genus_Mitchella mitchella
boxberry partridgeberry
twinberry partridgeberry
Mitchella_repens partridgeberry
genus_Nauclea nauclea
Nauclea_diderrichii opepe
Sarcocephalus_diderrichii opepe
genus_Pinckneya pinckneya
Georgia_bark fever_tree
bitter-bark fever_tree
Pinckneya_pubens fever_tree
genus_Psychotria psychotria
lemon-wood lemonwood
lemonwood_tree lemonwood
lemon-wood_tree lemonwood
Psychotria_capensis lemonwood
genus_Sarcocephalus sarcocephalus
Sarcocephalus_latifolius negro_peach
Sarcocephalus_esculentus negro_peach
genus_Vangueria vangueria
wild_medlar_tree wild_medlar
medlar wild_medlar
Vangueria_infausta wild_medlar
Vangueria_madagascariensis spanish_tamarind
family_Caprifoliaceae caprifoliaceae
honeysuckle_family caprifoliaceae
genus_Diervilla diervilla
Diervilla_lonicera bush_honeysuckle
Diervilla_sessilifolia bush_honeysuckle
genus_Kolkwitzia kolkwitzia
Kolkwitzia_amabilis beauty_bush
genus_Leycesteria leycesteria
Leycesteria_formosa himalaya_honeysuckle
genus_Linnaea linnaea
Linnaea_borealis twinflower
Linnaea_borealis_americana american_twinflower
genus_Lonicera lonicera
Lonicera_albiflora white_honeysuckle
fly_honeysuckle american_fly_honeysuckle
Lonicera_canadensis american_fly_honeysuckle
Italian_woodbine italian_honeysuckle
Lonicera_caprifolium italian_honeysuckle
Lonicera_dioica yellow_honeysuckle
Lonicera_flava yellow_honeysuckle
Lonicera_hirsuta hairy_honeysuckle
Lonicera_involucrata twinberry
Lonicera_japonica japanese_honeysuckle
Lonicera_japonica_halliana hall's_honeysuckle
Lonicera_morrowii morrow's_honeysuckle
Lonicera_periclymenum woodbine
coral_honeysuckle trumpet_honeysuckle
trumpet_flower trumpet_honeysuckle
trumpet_vine trumpet_honeysuckle
Lonicera_sempervirens trumpet_honeysuckle
Tartarian_honeysuckle bush_honeysuckle
Lonicera_tatarica bush_honeysuckle
European_honeysuckle european_fly_honeysuckle
Lonicera_xylosteum european_fly_honeysuckle
genus_Symphoricarpos symphoricarpos
common_snowberry snowberry
waxberry snowberry
Symphoricarpos_alba snowberry
Indian_currant coralberry
Symphoricarpos_orbiculatus coralberry
genus_Sambucus sambucus
elderberry_bush elder
black_elderberry american_elder
sweet_elder american_elder
Sambucus_canadensis american_elder
blue_elderberry blue_elder
Sambucus_caerulea blue_elder
danewort dwarf_elder
Sambucus_ebulus dwarf_elder
black_elder bourtree
common_elder bourtree
elderberry bourtree
European_elder bourtree
Sambucus_nigra bourtree
red-berried_elder american_red_elder
stinking_elder american_red_elder
Sambucus_pubens american_red_elder
red-berried_elder european_red_elder
Sambucus_racemosa european_red_elder
genus_Triostium triostium
horse_gentian feverroot
tinker's_root feverroot
wild_coffee feverroot
Triostium_perfoliatum feverroot
genus_Viburnum viburnum
cranberry_tree cranberry_bush
American_cranberry_bush cranberry_bush
highbush_cranberry cranberry_bush
Viburnum_trilobum cranberry_bush
twist_wood wayfaring_tree
twistwood wayfaring_tree
Viburnum_lantana wayfaring_tree
European_cranberrybush guelder_rose
European_cranberry_bush guelder_rose
crampbark guelder_rose
cranberry_tree guelder_rose
Viburnum_opulus guelder_rose
southern_arrow_wood arrow_wood
Viburnum_dentatum arrow_wood
Viburnum_recognitum arrow_wood
Viburnum_prunifolium black_haw
Weigela_florida weigela
family_Dipsacaceae dipsacaceae
genus_Dipsacus dipsacus
teazel teasel
teasle teasel
Dipsacus_fullonum common_teasel
Dipsacus_sativus fuller's_teasel
Dipsacus_sylvestris wild_teasel
scabiosa scabious
pincushion_flower sweet_scabious
mournful_widow sweet_scabious
Scabiosa_atropurpurea sweet_scabious
Scabiosa_arvensis field_scabious
family_Balsaminaceae balsaminaceae
balsam_family balsaminaceae
lady's_earrings jewelweed
orange_balsam jewelweed
celandine jewelweed
touch-me-not jewelweed
Impatiens_capensis jewelweed
order_Geraniales geraniales
family_Geraniaceae geraniaceae
geranium_family geraniaceae
crane's_bill cranesbill
spotted_cranesbill wild_geranium
Geranium_maculatum wild_geranium
Geranium_pratense meadow_cranesbill
Geranium_richardsonii richardson's_geranium
herbs_robert herb_robert
herb_roberts herb_robert
Geranium_robertianum herb_robert
Geranium_viscosissimum sticky_geranium
Geranium_molle dove's_foot_geranium
genus_Pelargonium pelargonium
sweet-scented_geranium rose_geranium
Pelargonium_graveolens rose_geranium
bedding_geranium fish_geranium
zonal_pelargonium fish_geranium
Pelargonium_hortorum fish_geranium
ivy-leaved_geranium ivy_geranium
hanging_geranium ivy_geranium
Pelargonium_peltatum ivy_geranium
nutmeg_geranium apple_geranium
Pelargonium_odoratissimum apple_geranium
Pelargonium_limoneum lemon_geranium
genus_Erodium erodium
heron's_bill storksbill
alfilaria redstem_storksbill
alfileria redstem_storksbill
filaree redstem_storksbill
filaria redstem_storksbill
clocks redstem_storksbill
pin_grass redstem_storksbill
pin_clover redstem_storksbill
Erodium_cicutarium redstem_storksbill
muskus_grass musk_clover
white-stemmed_filaree musk_clover
Erodium_moschatum musk_clover
Erodium_texanum texas_storksbill
family_Erythroxylaceae erythroxylaceae
genus_Erythroxylon erythroxylon
Erythroxylum erythroxylon
genus_Erythroxylum erythroxylon
coca erythroxylon_coca
coca_plant erythroxylon_coca
family_Burseraceae burseraceae
torchwood_family burseraceae
gum_elemi elemi
genus_Bursera bursera
Bursera_microphylla elephant_tree
Bursera_simaruba gumbo-limbo
genus_Boswellia boswellia
Boswellia_serrata salai
genus_Commiphora commiphora
Commiphora_meccanensis balm_of_gilead
Commiphora_myrrha myrrh_tree
gum_myrrh myrrh
sweet_cicely myrrh
genus_Protium protium
family_Callitrichaceae callitrichaceae
genus_Callitriche callitriche
family_Malpighiaceae malpighiaceae
genus_Malpighia malpighia
Malpighia_obovata jiqui
acerola barbados_cherry
Surinam_cherry barbados_cherry
West_Indian_cherry barbados_cherry
Malpighia_glabra barbados_cherry
family_Meliaceae meliaceae
mahogany_family meliaceae
mahogany_tree mahogany
genus_Melia melia
chinaberry_tree chinaberry
China_tree chinaberry
Persian_lilac chinaberry
pride-of-India chinaberry
azederach chinaberry
azedarach chinaberry
Melia_azederach chinaberry
Melia_azedarach chinaberry
genus_Azadirachta azadirachta
neem_tree neem
nim_tree neem
margosa neem
arishth neem
Azadirachta_indica neem
Melia_Azadirachta neem
genus_Cedrela cedrela
Spanish_cedar_tree spanish_cedar
Cedrela_odorata spanish_cedar
genus_Chloroxylon chloroxylon
satinwood_tree satinwood
Chloroxylon_swietenia satinwood
genus_Entandrophragma entandrophragma
cedar_mahogany african_scented_mahogany
sapele_mahogany african_scented_mahogany
Entandrophragma_cylindricum african_scented_mahogany
genus_Flindersia flindersia
flindosa native_beech
flindosy native_beech
Flindersia_australis native_beech
Flindersia_schottiana bunji-bunji
genus_Khaya khaya
langsat lanseh_tree
langset lanseh_tree
Lansium_domesticum lanseh_tree
genus_Lovoa lovoa
Lovoa_klaineana african_walnut
genus_Swietinia swietinia
Cuban_mahogany true_mahogany
Dominican_mahogany true_mahogany
Swietinia_mahogani true_mahogany
Swietinia_macrophylla honduras_mahogany
genus_Toona toona
Philippine_cedar philippine_mahogany
kalantas philippine_mahogany
Toona_calantas philippine_mahogany
Cedrela_calantas philippine_mahogany
family_Lepidobotryaceae lepidobotryaceae
genus_Ruptiliocarpon ruptiliocarpon
Ruptiliocarpon_caracolito caracolito
family_Oxalidaceae oxalidaceae
wood-sorrel_family oxalidaceae
sorrel oxalis
wood_sorrel oxalis
cuckoo_bread common_wood_sorrel
shamrock common_wood_sorrel
Oxalis_acetosella common_wood_sorrel
English-weed bermuda_buttercup
Oxalis_pes-caprae bermuda_buttercup
Oxalis_cernua bermuda_buttercup
creeping_wood_sorrel creeping_oxalis
Oxalis_corniculata creeping_oxalis
goat's_foot goatsfoot
Oxalis_caprina goatsfoot
Oxalis_violacea violet_wood_sorrel
oka oca
Oxalis_tuberosa oca
Oxalis_crenata oca
genus_Averrhoa averrhoa
carambola_tree carambola
Averrhoa_carambola carambola
Averrhoa_bilimbi bilimbi
family_Polygalaceae polygalaceae
milkwort_family polygalaceae
genus_Polygala polygala
Polygala_alba senega
yellow_milkwort orange_milkwort
candyweed orange_milkwort
yellow_bachelor's_button orange_milkwort
Polygala_lutea orange_milkwort
gaywings flowering_wintergreen
bird-on-the-wing flowering_wintergreen
fringed_polygala flowering_wintergreen
Polygala_paucifolia flowering_wintergreen
Seneka_snakeroot seneca_snakeroot
senga_root seneca_snakeroot
senega_root seneca_snakeroot
senega_snakeroot seneca_snakeroot
Polygala_senega seneca_snakeroot
gand_flower common_milkwort
Polygala_vulgaris common_milkwort
family_Rutaceae rutaceae
rue_family rutaceae
genus_Ruta ruta
herb_of_grace rue
Ruta_graveolens rue
citrus_tree citrus
orange_tree orange
Seville_orange sour_orange
bitter_orange sour_orange
bitter_orange_tree sour_orange
bigarade sour_orange
marmalade_orange sour_orange
Citrus_aurantium sour_orange
bergamot_orange bergamot
Citrus_bergamia bergamot
pomelo_tree pomelo
pummelo pomelo
shaddock pomelo
Citrus_maxima pomelo
Citrus_grandis pomelo
Citrus_decumana pomelo
citron_tree citron
Citrus_medica citron
Citrus_paradisi grapefruit
mandarin_orange mandarin
mandarin_orange_tree mandarin
Citrus_reticulata mandarin
tangerine_tree tangerine
clementine_tree clementine
satsuma_tree satsuma
sweet_orange_tree sweet_orange
Citrus_sinensis sweet_orange
temple_orange_tree temple_orange
tangor temple_orange
king_orange temple_orange
Citrus_nobilis temple_orange
tangelo_tree tangelo
ugli_fruit tangelo
Citrus_tangelo tangelo
rangpur_lime rangpur
lemanderin rangpur
Citrus_limonia rangpur
lemon_tree lemon
Citrus_limon lemon
sweet_lime sweet_lemon
Citrus_limetta sweet_lemon
lime_tree lime
Citrus_aurantifolia lime
genus_Citroncirus citroncirus
citrange_tree citrange
Citroncirus_webberi citrange
genus_Dictamnus dictamnus
dittany fraxinella
burning_bush fraxinella
gas_plant fraxinella
Dictamnus_alba fraxinella
genus_Fortunella fortunella
cumquat kumquat
kumquat_tree kumquat
marumi_kumquat marumi
round_kumquat marumi
Fortunella_japonica marumi
nagami_kumquat nagami
oval_kumquat nagami
Fortunella_margarita nagami
genus_Phellodendron phellodendron
Phellodendron_amurense cork_tree
genus_Poncirus poncirus
trifoliata trifoliate_orange
wild_orange trifoliate_orange
Poncirus_trifoliata trifoliate_orange
genus_Zanthoxylum zanthoxylum
sea_ash toothache_tree
Zanthoxylum_americanum toothache_tree
Zanthoxylum_fraxineum toothache_tree
Hercules'-clubs hercules'-club
Hercules-club hercules'-club
Zanthoxylum_clava-herculis hercules'-club
West_Indian_satinwood satinwood
Zanthoxylum_flavum satinwood
family_Simaroubaceae simaroubaceae
quassia_family simaroubaceae
genus_Simarouba simarouba
Simarouba_amara marupa
bitterwood paradise_tree
Simarouba_glauca paradise_tree
tree_of_the_gods tree_of_heaven
Ailanthus_altissima tree_of_heaven
genus_Irvingia irvingia
dika wild_mango
wild_mango_tree wild_mango
Irvingia_gabonensis wild_mango
genus_Kirkia kirkia
Kirkia_wilmsii pepper_tree
genus_Picrasma picrasma
bitterwood jamaica_quassia
Picrasma_excelsa jamaica_quassia
Picrasma_excelsum jamaica_quassia
bitterwood quassia
Quassia_amara quassia
family_Tropaeolaceae tropaeolaceae
nasturtium_family tropaeolaceae
genus_Tropaeolum tropaeolum
Indian_cress garden_nasturtium
Tropaeolum_majus garden_nasturtium
Tropaeolum_minus bush_nasturtium
canarybird_vine canarybird_flower
canary_creeper canarybird_flower
Tropaeolum_peregrinum canarybird_flower
family_Zygophyllaceae zygophyllaceae
bean-caper_family zygophyllaceae
genus_Zygophyllum zygophyllum
Syrian_bean_caper bean_caper
Zygophyllum_fabago bean_caper
genus_Bulnesia bulnesia
Bulnesia_sarmienti palo_santo
guaiacum_wood guaiac_wood
genus_Guaiacum guaiacum
Guaiacum_officinale lignum_vitae
guaiac lignum_vitae
guaiacum lignum_vitae
Guaiacum_sanctum bastard_lignum_vitae
genus_Larrea larrea
coville creosote_bush
hediondilla creosote_bush
Larrea_tridentata creosote_bush
genus_Tribulus tribulus
devil's_weed caltrop
Tribulus_terestris caltrop
order_Salicales salicales
family_Salicaceae salicaceae
willow_family salicaceae
genus_Salix salix
willow_tree willow
Huntingdon_willow white_willow
Salix_alba white_willow
silky_willow silver_willow
Salix_alba_sericea silver_willow
Salix_sericea silver_willow
Salix_alba_vitellina golden_willow
Salix_vitellina golden_willow
Salix_alba_caerulea cricket-bat_willow
Salix_arctica arctic_willow
Babylonian_weeping_willow weeping_willow
Salix_babylonica weeping_willow
Salix_pendulina wisconsin_weeping_willow
Salix_blanda wisconsin_weeping_willow
Salix_pendulina_blanda wisconsin_weeping_willow
Salix_discolor pussy_willow
florist's_willow goat_willow
pussy_willow goat_willow
Salix_caprea goat_willow
peach-leaved_willow peachleaf_willow
almond-leaves_willow peachleaf_willow
Salix_amygdaloides peachleaf_willow
black_Hollander almond_willow
Salix_triandra almond_willow
Salix_amygdalina almond_willow
sage_willow hoary_willow
Salix_candida hoary_willow
brittle_willow crack_willow
snap_willow crack_willow
Salix_fragilis crack_willow
Salix_humilis prairie_willow
Salix_herbacea dwarf_willow
gray_willow grey_willow
Salix_cinerea grey_willow
Salix_lasiolepis arroyo_willow
Salix_lucida shining_willow
black_willow swamp_willow
Salix_nigra swamp_willow
laurel_willow bay_willow
Salix_pentandra bay_willow
red_willow purple_willow
red_osier purple_willow
basket_willow purple_willow
purple_osier purple_willow
Salix_purpurea purple_willow
Salix_pyrifolia balsam_willow
Salix_repens creeping_willow
silky_willow sitka_willow
Salix_sitchensis sitka_willow
dwarf_gray_willow dwarf_grey_willow
sage_willow dwarf_grey_willow
Salix_tristis dwarf_grey_willow
Salix_uva-ursi bearberry_willow
hemp_willow common_osier
velvet_osier common_osier
Salix_viminalis common_osier
genus_Populus populus
poplar_tree poplar
hackmatack balsam_poplar
tacamahac balsam_poplar
Populus_balsamifera balsam_poplar
white_aspen white_poplar
abele white_poplar
aspen_poplar white_poplar
silver-leaved_poplar white_poplar
Populus_alba white_poplar
gray_poplar grey_poplar
Populus_canescens grey_poplar
Populus_nigra black_poplar
Populus_nigra_italica lombardy_poplar
necklace_poplar eastern_cottonwood
Populus_deltoides eastern_cottonwood
Western_balsam_poplar black_cottonwood
Populus_trichocarpa black_cottonwood
black_cottonwood swamp_cottonwood
downy_poplar swamp_cottonwood
swamp_poplar swamp_cottonwood
Populus_heterophylla swamp_cottonwood
European_quaking_aspen quaking_aspen
Populus_tremula quaking_aspen
American_aspen american_quaking_aspen
Populus_tremuloides american_quaking_aspen
bigtooth_aspen canadian_aspen
bigtoothed_aspen canadian_aspen
big-toothed_aspen canadian_aspen
large-toothed_aspen canadian_aspen
large_tooth_aspen canadian_aspen
Populus_grandidentata canadian_aspen
order_Santalales santalales
family_Santalaceae santalaceae
sandalwood_family santalaceae
genus_Santalum santalum
true_sandalwood sandalwood_tree
Santalum_album sandalwood_tree
Buckleya_distichophylla buckleya
genus_Comandra comandra
Comandra_pallida bastard_toadflax
genus_Eucarya eucarya
Fusanus eucarya
genus_Fusanus eucarya
quandang quandong
quandong_tree quandong
Eucarya_acuminata quandong
Fusanus_acuminatus quandong
genus_Pyrularia pyrularia
buffalo_nut rabbitwood
Pyrularia_pubera rabbitwood
elk_nut buffalo_nut
oil_nut buffalo_nut
family_Loranthaceae loranthaceae
mistletoe_family loranthaceae
genus_Loranthus loranthus
Loranthus_europaeus mistletoe
genus_Arceuthobium arceuthobium
Arceuthobium_pusillum american_mistletoe
genus_Nuytsia nuytsia
fire_tree flame_tree
Christmas_tree flame_tree
Nuytsia_floribunda flame_tree
family_Viscaceae viscaceae
mistletoe_family viscaceae
genus_Viscum viscum
Viscum_album mistletoe
Old_World_mistletoe mistletoe
genus_Phoradendron phoradendron
false_mistletoe mistletoe
Phoradendron_serotinum american_mistletoe
Phoradendron_flavescens american_mistletoe
order_Sapindales sapindales
family_Sapindaceae sapindaceae
soapberry_family sapindaceae
genus_Dodonaea dodonaea
soapberry_tree soapberry
genus_Sapindus sapindus
Sapindus_drumondii wild_china_tree
Sapindus_marginatus wild_china_tree
false_dogwood china_tree
jaboncillo china_tree
chinaberry china_tree
Sapindus_saponaria china_tree
genus_Blighia blighia
akee_tree akee
Blighia_sapida akee
genus_Cardiospermum cardiospermum
Cardiospermum_grandiflorum heartseed
heart_pea balloon_vine
Cardiospermum_halicacabum balloon_vine
genus_Dimocarpus dimocarpus
lungen longan
longanberry longan
Dimocarpus_longan longan
Euphorbia_litchi longan
Nephelium_longana longan
Harpullia_cupanioides harpulla
Harpullia_pendula moreton_bay_tulipwood
lichee litchi
litchi_tree litchi
Litchi_chinensis litchi
Nephelium_litchi litchi
genus_Melicoccus melicoccus
Melicocca melicoccus
genus_Melicocca melicoccus
Spanish_lime_tree spanish_lime
honey_berry spanish_lime
mamoncillo spanish_lime
genip spanish_lime
ginep spanish_lime
Melicocca_bijuga spanish_lime
Melicocca_bijugatus spanish_lime
genus_Nephelium nephelium
rambotan rambutan
rambutan_tree rambutan
Nephelium_lappaceum rambutan
pulassan pulasan
pulasan_tree pulasan
Nephelium_mutabile pulasan
family_Buxaceae buxaceae
box_family buxaceae
genus_Buxus buxus
boxwood box
European_box common_box
Buxus_sempervirens common_box
Turkish_boxwood boxwood
Allegheny_mountain_spurge allegheny_spurge
Pachysandra_procumbens allegheny_spurge
Pachysandra_terminalis japanese_spurge
family_Celastraceae celastraceae
spindle-tree_family celastraceae
staff-tree_family celastraceae
genus_Celastrus celastrus
American_bittersweet bittersweet
climbing_bittersweet bittersweet
false_bittersweet bittersweet
staff_vine bittersweet
waxwork bittersweet
shrubby_bittersweet bittersweet
Celastrus_scandens bittersweet
Japan_bittersweet japanese_bittersweet
oriental_bittersweet japanese_bittersweet
Celastrus_orbiculatus japanese_bittersweet
Celastric_articulatus japanese_bittersweet
genus_Euonymus euonymus
spindleberry spindle_tree
spindleberry_tree spindle_tree
Euonymus_europaeus common_spindle_tree
Euonymous_alatus winged_spindle_tree
burning_bush wahoo
Euonymus_atropurpureus wahoo
wahoo strawberry_bush
Euonymus_americanus strawberry_bush
Euonymus_fortunei_radicans evergreen_bittersweet
Euonymus_radicans_vegetus evergreen_bittersweet
family_Cyrilliaceae cyrilliaceae
cyrilla_family cyrilliaceae
titi_family cyrilliaceae
leatherwood cyrilla
white_titi cyrilla
Cyrilla_racemiflora cyrilla
genus_Cliftonia cliftonia
buckwheat_tree titi
Cliftonia_monophylla titi
family_Empetraceae empetraceae
crowberry_family empetraceae
genus_Empetrum empetrum
family_Aceraceae aceraceae
maple_family aceraceae
genus_Acer acer
Acer_saccharinum silver_maple
rock_maple sugar_maple
Acer_saccharum sugar_maple
scarlet_maple red_maple
swamp_maple red_maple
Acer_rubrum red_maple
moose-wood moosewood
striped_maple moosewood
striped_dogwood moosewood
goosefoot_maple moosewood
Acer_pennsylvanicum moosewood
big-leaf_maple oregon_maple
Acer_macrophyllum oregon_maple
Rocky-mountain_maple dwarf_maple
Acer_glabrum dwarf_maple
mountain_alder mountain_maple
Acer_spicatum mountain_maple
Acer_circinatum vine_maple
field_maple hedge_maple
Acer_campestre hedge_maple
Acer_platanoides norway_maple
great_maple sycamore
scottish_maple sycamore
Acer_pseudoplatanus sycamore
ash-leaved_maple box_elder
Acer_negundo box_elder
Acer_negundo_Californicum california_box_elder
Acer_argutum pointed-leaf_maple
full_moon_maple japanese_maple
Acer_japonicum japanese_maple
Acer_palmatum japanese_maple
genus_Dipteronia dipteronia
family_Aquifoliaceae aquifoliaceae
holly_family aquifoliaceae
genus_Ilex ilex
Ilex_cornuta chinese_holly
possum_haw bearberry
winterberry bearberry
Ilex_decidua bearberry
gallberry inkberry
gall-berry inkberry
evergreen_winterberry inkberry
Ilex_glabra inkberry
Paraguay_tea mate
Ilex_paraguariensis mate
Christmas_holly american_holly
family_Anacardiaceae anacardiaceae
sumac_family anacardiaceae
genus_Anacardium anacardium
cashew_tree cashew
Anacardium_occidentale cashew
genus_Astronium astronium
Astronium_fraxinifolium goncalo_alves
genus_Cotinus cotinus
smoke_bush smoke_tree
chittamwood american_smokewood
Cotinus_americanus american_smokewood
Cotinus_obovatus american_smokewood
wig_tree venetian_sumac
Cotinus_coggygria venetian_sumac
genus_Malosma malosma
Malosma_laurina laurel_sumac
Rhus_laurina laurel_sumac
genus_Mangifera mangifera
mango_tree mango
Mangifera_indica mango
genus_Pistacia pistacia
Pistacia_vera pistachio
pistachio_tree pistachio
Pistacia_terebinthus terebinth
mastic_tree mastic
lentisk mastic
Pistacia_lentiscus mastic
genus_Rhodosphaera rhodosphaera
Rhodosphaera_rhodanthema australian_sumac
Rhus_rhodanthema australian_sumac
genus_Rhus rhus
sumach sumac
shumac sumac
lemon_sumac fragrant_sumac
Rhus_aromatica fragrant_sumac
scarlet_sumac smooth_sumac
vinegar_tree smooth_sumac
Rhus_glabra smooth_sumac
mountain_sumac dwarf_sumac
black_sumac dwarf_sumac
shining_sumac dwarf_sumac
Rhus_copallina dwarf_sumac
sugar_sumac sugar-bush
Rhus_ovata sugar-bush
velvet_sumac staghorn_sumac
Virginian_sumac staghorn_sumac
vinegar_tree staghorn_sumac
Rhus_typhina staghorn_sumac
squaw-bush squawbush
skunkbush squawbush
Rhus_trilobata squawbush
genus_Schinus schinus
Schinus_chichita aroeira_blanca
molle pepper_tree
Peruvian_mastic_tree pepper_tree
Schinus_molle pepper_tree
Schinus_terebinthifolius brazilian_pepper_tree
genus_Spondias spondias
yellow_mombin hog_plum
yellow_mombin_tree hog_plum
Spondias_mombin hog_plum
mombin_tree mombin
jocote mombin
Spondias_purpurea mombin
genus_Toxicodendron toxicodendron
poison_dogwood poison_ash
poison_sumac poison_ash
Toxicodendron_vernix poison_ash
Rhus_vernix poison_ash
markweed poison_ivy
poison_mercury poison_ivy
poison_oak poison_ivy
Toxicodendron_radicans poison_ivy
Rhus_radicans poison_ivy
Toxicodendron_diversilobum western_poison_oak
Rhus_diversiloba western_poison_oak
Toxicodendron_quercifolium eastern_poison_oak
Rhus_quercifolia eastern_poison_oak
Rhus_toxicodenedron eastern_poison_oak
lacquer_tree varnish_tree
Chinese_lacquer_tree varnish_tree
Japanese_lacquer_tree varnish_tree
Japanese_varnish_tree varnish_tree
Japanese_sumac varnish_tree
Toxicodendron_vernicifluum varnish_tree
Rhus_verniciflua varnish_tree
family_Hippocastanaceae hippocastanaceae
horse-chestnut_family hippocastanaceae
genus_Aesculus aesculus
buckeye horse_chestnut
Aesculus_hippocastanum horse_chestnut
horse_chestnut buckeye
conker buckeye
bottlebrush_buckeye dwarf_buckeye
family_Staphylaceae staphylaceae
bladdernut_family staphylaceae
genus_Staphylea staphylea
order_Ebenales ebenales
family_Ebenaceae ebenaceae
ebony_family ebenaceae
genus_Diospyros diospyros
ebony_tree ebony
Diospyros_ebenum ebony
marble-wood marblewood
Andaman_marble marblewood
Diospyros_kurzii marblewood
marble-wood marblewood
persimmon_tree persimmon
kaki japanese_persimmon
Diospyros_kaki japanese_persimmon
possumwood american_persimmon
Diospyros_virginiana american_persimmon
Diospyros_lotus date_plum
family_Sapotaceae sapotaceae
sapodilla_family sapotaceae
genus_Achras achras
genus_Bumelia bumelia
shittimwood southern_buckthorn
shittim southern_buckthorn
mock_orange southern_buckthorn
Bumelia_lycioides southern_buckthorn
chittamwood false_buckthorn
chittimwood false_buckthorn
shittimwood false_buckthorn
black_haw false_buckthorn
Bumelia_lanuginosa false_buckthorn
genus_Calocarpum calocarpum
genus_Chrysophyllum chrysophyllum
caimito star_apple
Chrysophyllum_cainito star_apple
satin_leaf satinleaf
caimitillo satinleaf
damson_plum satinleaf
Chrysophyllum_oliviforme satinleaf
genus_Manilkara manilkara
balata_tree balata
beefwood balata
bully_tree balata
Manilkara_bidentata balata
gutta_balata balata
sapodilla_tree sapodilla
Manilkara_zapota sapodilla
Achras_zapota sapodilla
genus_Palaquium palaquium
Palaquium_gutta gutta-percha_tree
genus_Payena payena
genus_Pouteria pouteria
canistel_tree canistel
Pouteria_campechiana_nervosa canistel
mammee marmalade_tree
sapote marmalade_tree
Pouteria_zapota marmalade_tree
Calocarpum_zapota marmalade_tree
family_Symplocaceae symplocaceae
sweetleaf_family symplocaceae
genus_Symplocus symplocus
Symplocus_tinctoria sweetleaf
sapphire_berry asiatic_sweetleaf
Symplocus_paniculata asiatic_sweetleaf
family_Styracaceae styracaceae
storax_family styracaceae
styrax_family styracaceae
Styrax_obassia snowbell
Styrax_japonicum japanese_snowbell
Texas_snowbells texas_snowbell
Styrax_texana texas_snowbell
genus_Halesia halesia
silverbell_tree silver-bell_tree
snowdrop_tree silver-bell_tree
opossum_wood silver-bell_tree
Halesia_carolina silver-bell_tree
Halesia_tetraptera silver-bell_tree
order_Sarraceniales sarraceniales
family_Sarraceniaceae sarraceniaceae
pitcher-plant_family sarraceniaceae
genus_Sarracenia sarracenia
huntsman's_cup common_pitcher_plant
huntsman's_cups common_pitcher_plant
Sarracenia_purpurea common_pitcher_plant
Sarracenia_minor hooded_pitcher_plant
huntsman's_horns huntsman's_horn
yellow_trumpet huntsman's_horn
yellow_pitcher_plant huntsman's_horn
trumpets huntsman's_horn
Sarracenia_flava huntsman's_horn
genus_Darlingtonia darlingtonia
Darlingtonia_californica california_pitcher_plant
genus_Heliamphora heliamphora
family_Nepenthaceae nepenthaceae
genus_Nepenthes nepenthes
family_Droseraceae droseraceae
sundew_family droseraceae
genus_Drosera drosera
sundew_plant sundew
daily_dew sundew
genus_Dionaea dionaea
Venus's_flytraps venus's_flytrap
Dionaea_muscipula venus's_flytrap
genus_Aldrovanda aldrovanda
Aldrovanda_vesiculosa waterwheel_plant
genus_Drosophyllum drosophyllum
family_Roridulaceae roridulaceae
family_Cephalotaceae cephalotaceae
genus_Cephalotus cephalotus
Cephalotus_follicularis australian_pitcher_plant
family_Crassulaceae crassulaceae
stonecrop_family crassulaceae
genus_Crassula crassula
Sedum_acre wall_pepper
midsummer-men rose-root
Sedum_rosea rose-root
orpin orpine
livelong orpine
live-forever orpine
Sedum_telephium orpine
genus_Aeonium aeonium
Aeonium_haworthii pinwheel
family_Cunoniaceae cunoniaceae
cunonia_family cunoniaceae
genus_Ceratopetalum ceratopetalum
Christmas_tree christmas_bush
Ceratopetalum_gummiferum christmas_bush
family_Hydrangeaceae hydrangeaceae
hydrangea_family hydrangeaceae
Hydrangea_anomala climbing_hydrangea
Hydrangea_arborescens wild_hydrangea
Hydrangea_macrophylla_hortensis hortensia
Hydrangea_paniculata fall-blooming_hydrangea
Hydrangea_petiolaris climbing_hydrangea
Carpenteria_californica carpenteria
genus_Decumaria decumaria
Decumaria_barbata decumary
Decumaria_barbara decumary
subfamily_Philadelphaceae philadelphaceae
syringa mock_orange
Philadelphus_coronarius mock_orange
genus_Schizophragma schizophragma
Schizophragma_hydrangeoides climbing_hydrangea
family_Saxifragaceae saxifragaceae
saxifrage_family saxifragaceae
genus_Saxifraga saxifraga
breakstone saxifrage
rockfoil saxifrage
Saxifraga_aizoides yellow_mountain_saxifrage
fair-maids-of-France meadow_saxifrage
Saxifraga_granulata meadow_saxifrage
Saxifraga_hypnoides mossy_saxifrage
Saxifraga_occidentalis western_saxifrage
Saxifraga_oppositifolia purple_saxifrage
starry_saxifrage star_saxifrage
Saxifraga_stellaris star_saxifrage
strawberry_saxifrage strawberry_geranium
mother-of-thousands strawberry_geranium
Saxifraga_stolonifera strawberry_geranium
Saxifraga_sarmentosam strawberry_geranium
Astilbe_biternata false_goatsbeard
Astilbe_chinensis_pumila dwarf_astilbe
spiraea spirea
Astilbe_japonica spirea
genus_Boykinia boykinia
Boykinia_elata coast_boykinia
Boykinia_occidentalis coast_boykinia
genus_Chrysosplenium chrysosplenium
golden_spleen golden_saxifrage
water_mat water_carpet
Chrysosplenium_americanum water_carpet
genus_Darmera darmera
Peltiphyllum darmera
genus_Peltiphyllum darmera
Indian_rhubarb umbrella_plant
Darmera_peltata umbrella_plant
Peltiphyllum_peltatum umbrella_plant
genus_Francoa francoa
bridal-wreath bridal_wreath
Francoa_ramosa bridal_wreath
genus_Heuchera heuchera
alumbloom alumroot
Heuchera_americana rock_geranium
poker_heuchera poker_alumroot
Heuchera_cylindrica poker_alumroot
Heuchera_sanguinea coralbells
genus_Leptarrhena leptarrhena
Leptarrhena_pyrolifolia leatherleaf_saxifrage
genus_Lithophragma lithophragma
Lithophragma_affine woodland_star
Lithophragma_affinis woodland_star
Tellima_affinis woodland_star
Lithophragma_parviflorum prairie_star
genus_Mitella mitella
mitrewort miterwort
bishop's_cap miterwort
Mitella_diphylla fairy_cup
Mitella_pentandra five-point_bishop's_cap
grass-of-Parnassus parnassia
Parnassia_palustris bog_star
Parnassia_fimbriata fringed_grass_of_parnassus
Suksdorfia_violaceae violet_suksdorfia
genus_Tellima tellima
fringe_cups false_alumroot
Tellima_grandiflora false_alumroot
genus_Tiarella tiarella
coolwart foamflower
false_miterwort foamflower
false_mitrewort foamflower
Tiarella_cordifolia foamflower
false_mitrewort false_miterwort
Tiarella_unifoliata false_miterwort
genus_Tolmiea tolmiea
piggyback_plant pickaback_plant
youth-on-age pickaback_plant
Tolmiea_menziesii pickaback_plant
family_Grossulariaceae grossulariaceae
gooseberry_family grossulariaceae
genus_Ribes ribes
currant_bush currant
garden_current red_currant
Ribes_rubrum red_currant
European_black_currant black_currant
Ribes_nigrum black_currant
Ribes_sativum white_currant
Ribes_sanguineum winter_currant
gooseberry_bush gooseberry
Ribes_uva-crispa gooseberry
Ribes_grossularia gooseberry
family_Platanaceae platanaceae
plane-tree_family platanaceae
genus_Platanus platanus
sycamore plane_tree
platan plane_tree
lacewood sycamore
Platanus_acerifolia london_plane
American_plane american_sycamore
buttonwood american_sycamore
Platanus_occidentalis american_sycamore
Platanus_orientalis oriental_plane
Platanus_racemosa california_sycamore
Platanus_wrightii arizona_sycamore
order_Polemoniales polemoniales
order_Scrophulariales scrophulariales
family_Polemoniaceae polemoniaceae
phlox_family polemoniaceae
Greek_valerian jacob's_ladder
charity jacob's_ladder
Polemonium_caeruleum jacob's_ladder
Polemonium_van-bruntiae jacob's_ladder
Polymonium_caeruleum_van-bruntiae jacob's_ladder
Polemonium_reptans greek_valerian
Polemonium_boreale northern_jacob's_ladder
skunk-weed skunkweed
Polemonium_viscosum skunkweed
sand_phlox chickweed_phlox
Phlox_bifida chickweed_phlox
Phlox_stellaria chickweed_phlox
mountain_phlox moss_pink
moss_phlox moss_pink
dwarf_phlox moss_pink
Phlox_subulata moss_pink
genus_Linanthus linanthus
fringed_pink ground_pink
moss_pink ground_pink
Linanthus_dianthiflorus ground_pink
Linanthus_dichotomus evening-snow
family_Acanthaceae acanthaceae
acanthus_family acanthaceae
bear's_breeches bear's_breech
sea_holly bear's_breech
Acanthus_mollis bear's_breech
genus_Graptophyllum graptophyllum
Graptophyllum_pictum caricature_plant
genus_Thunbergia thunbergia
black-eyed_Susan_vine black-eyed_susan
Thunbergia_alata black-eyed_susan
family_Bignoniaceae bignoniaceae
genus_Bignonia bignonia
trumpet_flower cross_vine
quartervine cross_vine
quarter-vine cross_vine
Bignonia_capreolata cross_vine
trumpet_vine trumpet_creeper
Campsis_radicans trumpet_creeper
Indian_bean catalpa
genus_Chilopsis chilopsis
Chilopsis_linearis desert_willow
genus_Crescentia crescentia
calabash_tree calabash
Crescentia_cujete calabash
family_Boraginaceae boraginaceae
borage_family boraginaceae
genus_Borago borago
tailwort borage
Borago_officinalis borage
genus_Amsinckia amsinckia
Amsinckia_intermedia common_amsinckia
Amsinckia_grandiflora large-flowered_fiddleneck
alkanet bugloss
Anchusa_officinalis bugloss
Anchusa_capensis cape_forget-me-not
Anchusa_riparia cape_forget-me-not
genus_Cordia cordia
Equador_laurel spanish_elm
salmwood spanish_elm
cypre spanish_elm
princewood spanish_elm
Cordia_alliodora spanish_elm
Spanish_elm princewood
Cordia_gerascanthus princewood
genus_Cynoglossum cynoglossum
Cynoglossum_amabile chinese_forget-me-not
Cynoglossum_officinale hound's-tongue
Cynoglossum_virginaticum hound's-tongue
genus_Echium echium
blue_devil blueweed
blue_thistle blueweed
viper's_bugloss blueweed
Echium_vulgare blueweed
genus_Hackelia hackelia
Lappula hackelia
genus_Lappula hackelia
beggar_lice beggar's_lice
genus_Lithospermum lithospermum
Lithospermum_officinale gromwell
Lithospermum_caroliniense puccoon
Indian_paint hoary_puccoon
Lithospermum_canescens hoary_puccoon
genus_Mertensia mertensia
Virginia_cowslip virginia_bluebell
Mertensia_virginica virginia_bluebell
genus_Myosotis myosotis
Myosotis_sylvatica garden_forget-me-not
mouse_ear forget-me-not
Myosotis_scorpiodes forget-me-not
genus_Onosmodium onosmodium
genus_Symphytum symphytum
cumfrey comfrey
boneset common_comfrey
Symphytum_officinale common_comfrey
family_Convolvulaceae convolvulaceae
morning-glory_family convolvulaceae
wild_morning-glory field_bindweed
Convolvulus_arvensis field_bindweed
Convolvulus_scammonia scammony
genus_Argyreia argyreia
genus_Calystegia calystegia
wild_morning-glory hedge_bindweed
Calystegia_sepium hedge_bindweed
Convolvulus_sepium hedge_bindweed
genus_Cuscuta cuscuta
Cuscuta_gronovii love_vine
Dichondra_micrantha dichondra
genus_Ipomoea ipomoea
Ipomoea_purpurea common_morning_glory
Ipomoea_tricolor common_morning_glory
star-glory cypress_vine
Indian_pink cypress_vine
Ipomoea_quamoclit cypress_vine
Quamoclit_pennata cypress_vine
belle_de_nuit moonflower
Ipomoea_alba moonflower
sweet_potato_vine sweet_potato
Ipomoea_batatas sweet_potato
wild_sweet_potato_vine wild_potato_vine
man-of-the-earth wild_potato_vine
manroot wild_potato_vine
scammonyroot wild_potato_vine
Ipomoea_panurata wild_potato_vine
Ipomoea_fastigiata wild_potato_vine
star_ipomoea red_morning-glory
Ipomoea_coccinea red_morning-glory
Ipomoea_leptophylla man-of-the-earth
Ipomoea_orizabensis scammony
beach_morning_glory railroad_vine
Ipomoea_pes-caprae railroad_vine
Ipomoea_nil japanese_morning_glory
Ipomoea_imperialis imperial_japanese_morning_glory
family_Gesneriaceae gesneriaceae
gesneria_family gesneriaceae
hot_water_plant achimenes
Aeschynanthus_radicans lipstick_plant
genus_Alsobia alsobia
Alsobia_dianthiflora lace-flower_vine
Episcia_dianthiflora lace-flower_vine
Gloxinia_perennis canterbury_bell
genus_Saintpaulia saintpaulia
Saintpaulia_ionantha african_violet
genus_Sinningia sinningia
Sinningia_speciosa florist's_gloxinia
Gloxinia_spesiosa florist's_gloxinia
family_Hydrophyllaceae hydrophyllaceae
waterleaf_family hydrophyllaceae
genus_Hydrophyllum hydrophyllum
Shawnee_salad virginia_waterleaf
shawny virginia_waterleaf
Indian_salad virginia_waterleaf
John's_cabbage virginia_waterleaf
Hydrophyllum_virginianum virginia_waterleaf
genus_Emmanthe emmanthe
California_yellow_bells yellow_bells
whispering_bells yellow_bells
Emmanthe_penduliflora yellow_bells
genus_Eriodictyon eriodictyon
Eriodictyon_californicum yerba_santa
Nemophila_menziesii baby_blue-eyes
Nemophila_maculata five-spot
scorpion_weed scorpionweed
phacelia scorpionweed
Phacelia_campanularia california_bluebell
whitlavia california_bluebell
Phacelia_minor california_bluebell
Phacelia_whitlavia california_bluebell
Phacelia_tanacetifolia fiddleneck
genus_Pholistoma pholistoma
Pholistoma_auritum fiesta_flower
Nemophila_aurita fiesta_flower
family_Labiatae labiatae
Lamiaceae labiatae
family_Lamiaceae labiatae
mint_family labiatae
genus_Acinos acinos
basil_balm basil_thyme
mother_of_thyme basil_thyme
Acinos_arvensis basil_thyme
Satureja_acinos basil_thyme
genus_Agastache agastache
Agastache_nepetoides yellow_giant_hyssop
Agastache_foeniculum anise_hyssop
Agastache_mexicana mexican_hyssop
genus_Ajuga ajuga
bugleweed bugle
Ajuga_reptans creeping_bugle
blue_bugle erect_bugle
Ajuga_genevensis erect_bugle
Ajuga_pyramidalis pyramid_bugle
yellow_bugle ground_pine
Ajuga_chamaepitys ground_pine
genus_Ballota ballota
black_archangel black_horehound
fetid_horehound black_horehound
stinking_horehound black_horehound
Ballota_nigra black_horehound
genus_Blephilia blephilia
Blephilia_hirsuta hairy_wood_mint
Blephilia_celiata downy_wood_mint
genus_Calamintha calamintha
Calamintha_sylvatica common_calamint
Satureja_calamintha_officinalis common_calamint
Calamintha_grandiflora large-flowered_calamint
Clinopodium_grandiflorum large-flowered_calamint
Satureja_grandiflora large-flowered_calamint
field_balm lesser_calamint
Calamintha_nepeta lesser_calamint
Calamintha_nepeta_glantulosa lesser_calamint
Satureja_nepeta lesser_calamint
Satureja_calamintha_glandulosa lesser_calamint
genus_Clinopodium clinopodium
cushion_calamint wild_basil
Clinopodium_vulgare wild_basil
Satureja_vulgaris wild_basil
genus_Collinsonia collinsonia
horseweed horse_balm
stoneroot horse_balm
stone-root horse_balm
richweed horse_balm
stone_root horse_balm
Collinsonia_canadensis horse_balm
flame_nettle coleus
Coleus_aromaticus country_borage
Coleus_amboinicus country_borage
Plectranthus_amboinicus country_borage
Joseph's_coat painted_nettle
Coleus_blumei painted_nettle
Solenostemon_blumei painted_nettle
Solenostemon_scutellarioides painted_nettle
genus_Conradina conradina
Conradina_glabra apalachicola_rosemary
genus_Dracocephalum dracocephalum
dragon's_head dragonhead
Dracocephalum_parviflorum dragonhead
genus_Galeopsis galeopsis
dead_nettle hemp_nettle
Galeopsis_tetrahit hemp_nettle
genus_Glechoma glechoma
alehoof ground_ivy
field_balm ground_ivy
gill-over-the-ground ground_ivy
runaway_robin ground_ivy
Glechoma_hederaceae ground_ivy
Nepeta_hederaceae ground_ivy
genus_Hedeoma hedeoma
American_pennyroyal pennyroyal
Hedeoma_pulegioides pennyroyal
hedeoma_oil pennyroyal_oil
genus_Hyssopus hyssopus
Hyssopus_officinalis hyssop
genus_Lamium lamium
Lamium_album white_dead_nettle
Lamium_amplexicaule henbit
genus_Lavandula lavandula
Lavandula_angustifolia english_lavender
Lavandula_officinalis english_lavender
Lavandula_stoechas french_lavender
French_lavender spike_lavender
Lavandula_latifolia spike_lavender
spike_oil spike_lavender_oil
genus_Leonotis leonotis
Cape_dagga dagga
red_dagga dagga
wilde_dagga dagga
Leonotis_leonurus dagga
Leonotis_nepetaefolia lion's-ear
Leonotis_nepetifolia lion's-ear
genus_Leonurus leonurus
Leonurus_cardiaca motherwort
genus_Lepechinia lepechinia
Sphacele lepechinia
genus_Sphacele lepechinia
Lepechinia_calycina pitcher_sage
Sphacele_calycina pitcher_sage
genus_Lycopus lycopus
Lycopus_virginicus bugleweed
Lycopus_americanus water_horehound
gypsywort gipsywort
Lycopus_europaeus gipsywort
genus_Majorana majorana
marjoram oregano
pot_marjoram oregano
wild_marjoram oregano
winter_sweet oregano
Origanum_vulgare oregano
knotted_marjoram sweet_marjoram
Origanum_majorana sweet_marjoram
Majorana_hortensis sweet_marjoram
cretan_dittany dittany_of_crete
crete_dittany dittany_of_crete
hop_marjoram dittany_of_crete
winter_sweet dittany_of_crete
Origanum_dictamnus dittany_of_crete
genus_Marrubium marrubium
white_horehound common_horehound
Marrubium_vulgare common_horehound
genus_Melissa melissa
garden_balm lemon_balm
sweet_balm lemon_balm
bee_balm lemon_balm
beebalm lemon_balm
Melissa_officinalis lemon_balm
genus_Mentha mentha
field_mint corn_mint
Mentha_arvensis corn_mint
water_mint water-mint
Mentha_aquatica water-mint
lemon_mint bergamot_mint
eau_de_cologne_mint bergamot_mint
Mentha_citrata bergamot_mint
Mentha_longifolia horsemint
Mentha_piperita peppermint
Mentha_spicata spearmint
applemint apple_mint
Mentha_rotundifolia apple_mint
Mentha_suaveolens apple_mint
Mentha_pulegium pennyroyal
genus_Micromeria micromeria
Micromeria_chamissonis yerba_buena
Micromeria_douglasii yerba_buena
Satureja_douglasii yerba_buena
Micromeria_juliana savory
genus_Molucella molucella
bells_of_Ireland molucca_balm
Molucella_laevis molucca_balm
wild_bergamot monarda
beebalm bee_balm
bergamot_mint bee_balm
oswego_tea bee_balm
Monarda_didyma bee_balm
Monarda_punctata horsemint
beebalm bee_balm
Monarda_fistulosa bee_balm
horsemint lemon_mint
Monarda_citriodora lemon_mint
Monarda_pectinata plains_lemon_monarda
Monarda_clinopodia basil_balm
genus_Monardella monardella
Monardella_lanceolata mustang_mint
genus_Nepeta nepeta
catnip catmint
Nepeta_cataria catmint
genus_Ocimum ocimum
sweet_basil common_basil
Ocimum_basilicum common_basil
genus_Perilla perilla
Perilla_frutescens_crispa beefsteak_plant
Phlomis_fruticosa jerusalem_sage
false_dragon_head false_dragonhead
obedient_plant false_dragonhead
Physostegia_virginiana false_dragonhead
genus_Pogostemon pogostemon
patchouly patchouli
pachouli patchouli
Pogostemon_cablin patchouli
genus_Prunella prunella
heal_all self-heal
Prunella_vulgaris self-heal
genus_Pycnanthemum pycnanthemum
Koellia pycnanthemum
genus_Koellia pycnanthemum
Pycnanthemum_virginianum basil_mint
genus_Rosmarinus rosmarinus
Rosmarinus_officinalis rosemary
salvia sage
Salvia_azurea blue_sage
Salvia_clarea clary_sage
mealy_sage blue_sage
Salvia_farinacea blue_sage
Salvia_reflexa blue_sage
Salvia_lancifolia blue_sage
chaparral_sage purple_sage
Salvia_leucophylla purple_sage
cancer_weed cancerweed
Salvia_lyrata cancerweed
ramona common_sage
Salvia_officinalis common_sage
Salvia_pratensis meadow_clary
Salvia_sclarea clary
Salvia_spathacea pitcher_sage
Salvia_divinorum mexican_mint
wild_clary wild_sage
vervain_sage wild_sage
Salvia_verbenaca wild_sage
genus_Satureja satureja
Satureia satureja
genus_Satureia satureja
Satureja_hortensis summer_savory
Satureia_hortensis summer_savory
Satureja_montana winter_savory
Satureia_montana winter_savory
genus_Scutellaria scutellaria
helmetflower skullcap
blue_skullcap blue_pimpernel
mad-dog_skullcap blue_pimpernel
mad-dog_weed blue_pimpernel
Scutellaria_lateriflora blue_pimpernel
genus_Sideritis sideritis
genus_Solenostemon solenostemon
genus_Stachys stachys
dead_nettle hedge_nettle
Stachys_sylvatica hedge_nettle
Stachys_palustris hedge_nettle
genus_Teucrium teucrium
wood_sage american_germander
Teucrium_canadense american_germander
Teucrium_chamaedrys wall_germander
marum cat_thyme
Teucrium_marum cat_thyme
Teucrium_scorodonia wood_sage
genus_Thymus thymus
Thymus_vulgaris common_thyme
creeping_thyme wild_thyme
Thymus_serpyllum wild_thyme
genus_Trichostema trichostema
wooly_blue_curls black_sage
California_romero black_sage
Trichostema_lanatum black_sage
camphorweed turpentine_camphor_weed
vinegarweed turpentine_camphor_weed
Trichostema_lanceolatum turpentine_camphor_weed
Trichostema_dichotomum bastard_pennyroyal
family_Lentibulariaceae lentibulariaceae
bladderwort_family lentibulariaceae
genus_Utricularia utricularia
genus_Pinguicula pinguicula
family_Martyniaceae martyniaceae
Martynia_annua martynia
family_Orobanchaceae orobanchaceae
broomrape_family orobanchaceae
family_Pedaliaceae pedaliaceae
sesame_family pedaliaceae
genus_Sesamum sesamum
benne sesame
benni sesame
benny sesame
Sesamum_indicum sesame
genus_Proboscidea proboscidea
devil's_claw common_unicorn_plant
common_devil's_claw common_unicorn_plant
elephant-tusk common_unicorn_plant
proboscis_flower common_unicorn_plant
ram's_horn common_unicorn_plant
Proboscidea_louisianica common_unicorn_plant
Proboscidea_arenaria sand_devil's_claw
Martynia_arenaria sand_devil's_claw
Proboscidea_fragrans sweet_unicorn_plant
Martynia_fragrans sweet_unicorn_plant
family_Scrophulariaceae scrophulariaceae
figwort_family scrophulariaceae
foxglove_family scrophulariaceae
genus_Scrophularia scrophularia
genus_Antirrhinum antirrhinum
Antirrhinum_coulterianum white_snapdragon
Antirrhinum_filipes yellow_twining_snapdragon
Antirrhinum_majus mediterranean_snapdragon
genus_Besseya besseya
Besseya_alpina alpine_besseya
genus_Aureolaria aureolaria
Aureolaria_pedicularia false_foxglove
Gerardia_pedicularia false_foxglove
Aureolaria_virginica false_foxglove
Gerardia_virginica false_foxglove
slipperwort calceolaria
genus_Castilleja castilleja
Castilleia castilleja
genus_Castilleia castilleja
painted_cup indian_paintbrush
Castilleja_chromosa desert_paintbrush
Castilleja_miniata giant_red_paintbrush
Castilleja_sessiliflora great_plains_paintbrush
Castilleja_sulphurea sulfur_paintbrush
genus_Chelone chelone
shell-flower shellflower
turtlehead shellflower
snakehead shellflower
snake-head shellflower
Chelone_glabra shellflower
genus_Collinsia collinsia
innocense purple_chinese_houses
Collinsia_bicolor purple_chinese_houses
Collinsia_heterophylla purple_chinese_houses
Collinsia_parviflora maiden_blue-eyed_mary
Collinsia_verna blue-eyed_mary
Culvers_root culver's_root
Culver's_physic culver's_root
Culvers_physic culver's_root
whorlywort culver's_root
Veronicastrum_virginicum culver's_root
digitalis foxglove
fairy_bell common_foxglove
fingerflower common_foxglove
finger-flower common_foxglove
fingerroot common_foxglove
finger-root common_foxglove
Digitalis_purpurea common_foxglove
straw_foxglove yellow_foxglove
Digitalis_lutea yellow_foxglove
genus_Agalinis agalinis
genus_Linaria linaria
old-field_toadflax blue_toadflax
Linaria_canadensis blue_toadflax
butter-and-eggs toadflax
wild_snapdragon toadflax
devil's_flax toadflax
Linaria_vulgaris toadflax
genus_Penstemon penstemon
Penstemon_barbatus golden-beard_penstemon
Penstemon_centranthifolius scarlet_bugler
redwood_penstemon red_shrubby_penstemon
Penstemon_cyananthus platte_river_penstemon
Penstemon_davidsonii davidson's_penstemon
Penstemon_deustus hot-rock_penstemon
Penstemon_dolius jones'_penstemon
lowbush_penstemon shrubby_penstemon
Penstemon_fruticosus shrubby_penstemon
Penstemon_linarioides narrow-leaf_penstemon
Penstemon_newberryi mountain_pride
scented_penstemon balloon_flower
Penstemon_palmeri balloon_flower
Penstemon_parryi parry's_penstemon
cliff_penstemon rock_penstemon
Penstemon_rupicola rock_penstemon
Penstemon_rydbergii rydberg's_penstemon
Penstemon_serrulatus cascade_penstemon
Penstemon_whippleanus whipple's_penstemon
genus_Verbascum verbascum
flannel_leaf mullein
velvet_plant mullein
Verbascum_blattaria moth_mullein
Verbascum_lychnitis white_mullein
Verbascum_phoeniceum purple_mullein
great_mullein common_mullein
Aaron's_rod common_mullein
flannel_mullein common_mullein
woolly_mullein common_mullein
torch common_mullein
Verbascum_thapsus common_mullein
speedwell veronica
Veronica_agrestis field_speedwell
American_brooklime brooklime
Veronica_americana brooklime
Veronica_arvensis corn_speedwell
European_brooklime brooklime
Veronica_beccabunga brooklime
bird's_eye germander_speedwell
Veronica_chamaedrys germander_speedwell
Veronica_michauxii water_speedwell
Veronica_anagallis-aquatica water_speedwell
gypsyweed common_speedwell
Veronica_officinalis common_speedwell
Veronica_peregrina purslane_speedwell
Veronica_serpyllifolia thyme-leaved_speedwell
family_Solanaceae solanaceae
potato_family solanaceae
genus_Solanum solanum
poroporo kangaroo_apple
Solanum_aviculare kangaroo_apple
ball_nettle horse_nettle
bull_nettle horse_nettle
ball_nightshade horse_nettle
Solanum_carolinense horse_nettle
Solanum_crispum potato_tree
Uruguay_potato_vine uruguay_potato
Solanum_commersonii uruguay_potato
bittersweet_nightshade bittersweet
climbing_nightshade bittersweet
deadly_nightshade bittersweet
poisonous_nightshade bittersweet
woody_nightshade bittersweet
Solanum_dulcamara bittersweet
white_horse_nettle trompillo
prairie_berry trompillo
purple_nightshade trompillo
silverleaf_nightshade trompillo
silver-leaved_nightshade trompillo
silver-leaved_nettle trompillo
Solanum_elaeagnifolium trompillo
Solanum_giganteum african_holly
Solanum_jamesii wild_potato
Solanum_jasmoides potato_vine
aubergine eggplant
brinjal eggplant
eggplant_bush eggplant
garden_egg eggplant
mad_apple eggplant
Solanum_melongena eggplant
common_nightshade black_nightshade
poisonberry black_nightshade
poison-berry black_nightshade
Solanum_nigrum black_nightshade
wonderberry garden_huckleberry
sunberry garden_huckleberry
Solanum_nigrum_guineese garden_huckleberry
Solanum_melanocerasum garden_huckleberry
Solanum_burbankii garden_huckleberry
winter_cherry jerusalem_cherry
Madeira_winter_cherry jerusalem_cherry
Solanum_pseudocapsicum jerusalem_cherry
Solanum_quitoense naranjilla
Solanum_rostratum buffalo_bur
white_potato potato
white_potato_vine potato
Solanum_tuberosum potato
giant_potato_creeper potato_vine
Solanum_wendlandii potato_vine
Brazilian_potato_tree potato_tree
Solanum_wrightii potato_tree
Solanum_macranthum potato_tree
genus_Atropa atropa
belladonna_plant belladonna
deadly_nightshade belladonna
Atropa_belladonna belladonna
browallia bush_violet
genus_Brunfelsia brunfelsia
Brunfelsia_americana lady-of-the-night
genus_Brugmansia brugmansia
maikoa angel's_trumpet
Brugmansia_arborea angel's_trumpet
Datura_arborea angel's_trumpet
Brugmansia_suaveolens angel's_trumpet
Datura_suaveolens angel's_trumpet
Brugmansia_sanguinea red_angel's_trumpet
Datura_sanguinea red_angel's_trumpet
Capsicum genus_capsicum
pepper capsicum
capsicum_pepper_plant capsicum
Capsicum_annuum_conoides cone_pepper
cayenne_pepper cayenne
chili_pepper cayenne
chilli_pepper cayenne
long_pepper cayenne
jalapeno cayenne
Capsicum_annuum_longum cayenne
bell_pepper sweet_pepper
pimento sweet_pepper
pimiento sweet_pepper
paprika sweet_pepper
sweet_pepper_plant sweet_pepper
Capsicum_annuum_grossum sweet_pepper
Capsicum_annuum_cerasiforme cherry_pepper
Capsicum_frutescens_baccatum bird_pepper
Capsicum_baccatum bird_pepper
hot_pepper tabasco_pepper
tabasco_plant tabasco_pepper
Capsicum_frutescens tabasco_pepper
genus_Cestrum cestrum
Cestrum_diurnum day_jessamine
night_jessamine night_jasmine
Cestrum_nocturnum night_jasmine
genus_Cyphomandra cyphomandra
tamarillo tree_tomato
genus_Datura datura
jimson_weed jimsonweed
Jamestown_weed jimsonweed
common_thorn_apple jimsonweed
apple_of_Peru jimsonweed
Datura_stramonium jimsonweed
genus_Fabiana fabiana
Fabiana_imbricata pichi
genus_Hyoscyamus hyoscyamus
black_henbane henbane
stinking_nightshade henbane
Hyoscyamus_niger henbane
Hyoscyamus_muticus egyptian_henbane
genus_Lycium lycium
boxthorn matrimony_vine
Duke_of_Argyll's_tea_tree common_matrimony_vine
Lycium_barbarum common_matrimony_vine
Lycium_halimifolium common_matrimony_vine
Christmas_berry christmasberry
Lycium_carolinianum christmasberry
genus_Lycopersicon lycopersicon
Lycopersicum lycopersicon
genus_Lycopersicum lycopersicon
love_apple tomato
tomato_plant tomato
Lycopersicon_esculentum tomato
Lycopersicon_esculentum_cerasiforme cherry_tomato
genus_Mandragora mandragora
devil's_apples mandrake
Mandragora_officinarum mandrake
mandrake mandrake_root
genus_Nicandra nicandra
shoo_fly apple_of_peru
Nicandra_physaloides apple_of_peru
genus_Nicotiana nicotiana
tobacco_plant tobacco
Jasmine_tobacco flowering_tobacco
Nicotiana_alata flowering_tobacco
Nicotiana_tabacum common_tobacco
Indian_tobacco wild_tobacco
Nicotiana_rustica wild_tobacco
mustard_tree tree_tobacco
Nicotiana_glauca tree_tobacco
nierembergia cupflower
Nierembergia_repens whitecup
Nierembergia_rivularis whitecup
Nierembergia_frutescens tall_cupflower
Petunia genus_petunia
Petunia_axillaris large_white_petunia
Petunia_integrifolia violet-flowered_petunia
Petunia_hybrida hybrid_petunia
genus_Physalis physalis
husk_tomato ground_cherry
strawberry_tomato downy_ground_cherry
Physalis_pubescens downy_ground_cherry
winter_cherry chinese_lantern_plant
bladder_cherry chinese_lantern_plant
Physalis_alkekengi chinese_lantern_plant
purple_ground_cherry cape_gooseberry
Physalis_peruviana cape_gooseberry
dwarf_cape_gooseberry strawberry_tomato
Physalis_pruinosa strawberry_tomato
jamberry tomatillo
Mexican_husk_tomato tomatillo
Physalis_ixocarpa tomatillo
miltomate tomatillo
purple_ground_cherry tomatillo
jamberry tomatillo
Physalis_philadelphica tomatillo
Physalis_viscosa yellow_henbane
genus_Salpichroa salpichroa
Salpichroa_organifolia cock's_eggs
Salpichroa_rhomboidea cock's_eggs
Salpiglossis_sinuata painted_tongue
poor_man's_orchid butterfly_flower
schizanthus butterfly_flower
genus_Scopolia scopolia
genus_Solandra solandra
trumpet_flower chalice_vine
cupflower chalice_vine
Solandra_guttata chalice_vine
genus_Streptosolen streptosolen
fire_bush marmalade_bush
fire-bush marmalade_bush
Streptosolen_jamesonii marmalade_bush
family_Verbenaceae verbenaceae
verbena_family verbenaceae
vervain_family verbenaceae
vervain verbena
genus_Avicennia avicennia
family_Avicenniaceae avicenniaceae
Avicennia_marina black_mangrove
Avicennia_officinalis white_mangrove
genus_Aegiceras aegiceras
Aegiceras_majus black_mangrove
genus_Tectona tectona
Tectona_grandis teak
teakwood teak
family_Euphorbiaceae euphorbiaceae
spurge_family euphorbiaceae
genus_Euphorbia euphorbia
myrtle_spurge caper_spurge
mole_plant caper_spurge
Euphorbia_lathyris caper_spurge
wartweed sun_spurge
wartwort sun_spurge
devil's_milk sun_spurge
Euphorbia_helioscopia sun_spurge
devil's_milk petty_spurge
Euphorbia_peplus petty_spurge
Euphorbia_medusae medusa's_head
Euphorbia_caput-medusae medusa's_head
flowering_spurge wild_spurge
tramp's_spurge wild_spurge
Euphorbia_corollata wild_spurge
snow-in-summer snow-on-the-mountain
ghost_weed snow-on-the-mountain
Euphorbia_marginata snow-on-the-mountain
Euphorbia_cyparissias cypress_spurge
wolf's_milk leafy_spurge
Euphorbia_esula leafy_spurge
Euphorbia_hirsuta hairy_spurge
Christmas_star poinsettia
Christmas_flower poinsettia
lobster_plant poinsettia
Mexican_flameleaf poinsettia
painted_leaf poinsettia
Euphorbia_pulcherrima poinsettia
mole_plant japanese_poinsettia
paint_leaf japanese_poinsettia
Euphorbia_heterophylla japanese_poinsettia
painted_leaf fire-on-the-mountain
Mexican_fire_plant fire-on-the-mountain
Euphorbia_cyathophora fire-on-the-mountain
Euphorbia_amygdaloides wood_spurge
Euphorbia_antisyphilitica candelilla
Euphorbia_exigua dwarf_spurge
Euphorbia_fulgens scarlet_plume
cactus_euphorbia naboom
Euphorbia_ingens naboom
Christ_thorn crown_of_thorns
Christ_plant crown_of_thorns
Euphorbia_milii crown_of_thorns
Euphorbia_dentata toothed_spurge
genus_Acalypha acalypha
Acalypha_virginica three-seeded_mercury
Croton_tiglium croton
Croton_eluteria cascarilla
eleuthera_bark cascarilla_bark
sweetwood_bark cascarilla_bark
genus_Codiaeum codiaeum
Codiaeum_variegatum croton
genus_Mercurialis mercurialis
herbs_mercury herb_mercury
boys-and-girls herb_mercury
Mercurialis_annua herb_mercury
dog_mercury dog's_mercury
Mercurialis_perennis dog's_mercury
genus_Ricinus ricinus
castor_bean_plant castor-oil_plant
palma_christi castor-oil_plant
palma_christ castor-oil_plant
Ricinus_communis castor-oil_plant
genus_Cnidoscolus cnidoscolus
tread-softly spurge_nettle
devil_nettle spurge_nettle
pica-pica spurge_nettle
Cnidoscolus_urens spurge_nettle
Jatropha_urens spurge_nettle
Jatropha_stimulosus spurge_nettle
genus_Jatropha jatropha
Jatropha_curcus physic_nut
rubber_tree hevea
genus_Hevea hevea
caoutchouc_tree para_rubber_tree
Hevea_brasiliensis para_rubber_tree
genus_Manihot manihot
casava cassava
manioc bitter_cassava
mandioc bitter_cassava
mandioca bitter_cassava
tapioca_plant bitter_cassava
gari bitter_cassava
Manihot_esculenta bitter_cassava
Manihot_utilissima bitter_cassava
manioc cassava
Manihot_dulcis sweet_cassava
genus_Aleurites aleurites
varnish_tree candlenut
Aleurites_moluccana candlenut
tung tung_tree
tung-oil_tree tung_tree
Aleurites_fordii tung_tree
genus_Pedilanthus pedilanthus
slipper_plant slipper_spurge
Pedilanthus_bracteatus candelilla
Pedilanthus_pavonis candelilla
Jew-bush jewbush
Jew_bush jewbush
redbird_cactus jewbush
redbird_flower jewbush
Pedilanthus_tithymaloides jewbush
genus_Sebastiana sebastiana
jumping_seed jumping_bean
Mexican_jumping_bean jumping_bean
family_Theaceae theaceae
tea_family theaceae
camelia camellia
Camellia_japonica japonica
Camellia_sinensis tea
family_Umbelliferae umbelliferae
Apiaceae umbelliferae
family_Apiaceae umbelliferae
carrot_family umbelliferae
umbelliferous_plant umbellifer
genus_Aethusa aethusa
lesser_hemlock fool's_parsley
Aethusa_cynapium fool's_parsley
genus_Anethum anethum
Anethum_graveolens dill
angelique angelica
archangel garden_angelica
Angelica_Archangelica garden_angelica
Angelica_sylvestris wild_angelica
genus_Anthriscus anthriscus
beaked_parsley chervil
Anthriscus_cereifolium chervil
wild_chervil cow_parsley
Anthriscus_sylvestris cow_parsley
genus_Apium apium
Apium_graveolens wild_celery
cultivated_celery celery
Apium_graveolens_dulce celery
celery_root celeriac
knob_celery celeriac
root_celery celeriac
turnip-rooted_celery celeriac
Apium_graveolens_rapaceum celeriac
masterwort astrantia
Astrantia_major greater_masterwort
genus_Carum carum
Carum_carvi caraway
genus_Cicuta cicuta
Cicuta_verosa water_hemlock
spotted_hemlock spotted_cowbane
spotted_water_hemlock spotted_cowbane
genus_Conium conium
poison_hemlock hemlock
poison_parsley hemlock
California_fern hemlock
Nebraska_fern hemlock
winter_fern hemlock
Conium_maculatum hemlock
genus_Conopodium conopodium
Conopodium_denudatum earthnut
genus_Coriandrum coriandrum
coriander_plant coriander
Chinese_parsley coriander
cilantro coriander
Coriandrum_sativum coriander
genus_Cuminum cuminum
Cuminum_cyminum cumin
genus_Daucus daucus
Queen_Anne's_lace wild_carrot
Daucus_carota wild_carrot
cultivated_carrot carrot
Daucus_carota_sativa carrot
genus_Eryngium eryngium
eringo eryngo
sea_holm sea_holly
sea_eryngium sea_holly
Eryngium_maritimum sea_holly
Eryngium_aquaticum button_snakeroot
rattlesnake's_master rattlesnake_master
button_snakeroot rattlesnake_master
Eryngium_yuccifolium rattlesnake_master
genus_Foeniculum foeniculum
Foeniculum_vulgare common_fennel
Foeniculum_dulce florence_fennel
Foeniculum_vulgare_dulce florence_fennel
genus_Heracleum heracleum
hogweed cow_parsnip
Heracleum_sphondylium cow_parsnip
genus_Levisticum levisticum
Levisticum_officinale lovage
genus_Myrrhis myrrhis
Myrrhis_odorata sweet_cicely
genus_Oenanthe oenanthe
hemlock_water_dropwort water_dropwort
Oenanthe_crocata water_dropwort
Oenanthe_aquatica water_fennel
genus_Pastinaca pastinaca
Pastinaca_sativa parsnip
madnep wild_parsnip
genus_Petroselinum petroselinum
Petroselinum_crispum parsley
flat-leaf_parsley italian_parsley
Petroselinum_crispum_neapolitanum italian_parsley
turnip-rooted_parsley hamburg_parsley
Petroselinum_crispum_tuberosum hamburg_parsley
genus_Pimpinella pimpinella
anise_plant anise
Pimpinella_anisum anise
genus_Sanicula sanicula
snakeroot sanicle
Sanicula_arctopoides footsteps-of-spring
Sanicula_bipinnatifida purple_sanicle
Sanicula_Europaea european_sanicle
genus_Seseli seseli
stone_parsley moon_carrot
genus_Sison sison
Sison_amomum stone_parsley
genus_Sium sium
Sium_suave water_parsnip
Sium_latifolium greater_water_parsnip
Sium_sisarum skirret
genus_Smyrnium smyrnium
Alexanders alexander
black_lovage alexander
horse_parsley alexander
Smyrnium_olusatrum alexander
family_Cornaceae cornaceae
dogwood_family cornaceae
genus_Aucuba aucuba
genus_Cornus cornus
dogwood_tree dogwood
cornel dogwood
eastern_flowering_dogwood common_white_dogwood
Cornus_florida common_white_dogwood
red_osier_dogwood red_osier
red_dogwood red_osier
American_dogwood red_osier
redbrush red_osier
Cornus_stolonifera red_osier
Cornus_obliqua silky_dogwood
silky_dogwood silky_cornel
Cornus_amomum silky_cornel
red_dogwood common_european_dogwood
blood-twig common_european_dogwood
pedwood common_european_dogwood
Cornus_sanguinea common_european_dogwood
dwarf_cornel bunchberry
crackerberry bunchberry
pudding_berry bunchberry
Cornus_canadensis bunchberry
Cornus_mas cornelian_cherry
genus_Corokia corokia
genus_Curtisia curtisia
genus_Griselinia griselinia
Griselinia_lucida puka
Griselinia_littoralis kapuka
genus_Helwingia helwingia
family_Valerianaceae valerianaceae
valerian_family valerianaceae
genus_Valeriana valeriana
garden_heliotrope common_valerian
Valeriana_officinalis common_valerian
genus_Valerianella valerianella
lamb's_lettuce common_corn_salad
Valerianella_olitoria common_corn_salad
Valerianella_locusta common_corn_salad
genus_Centranthus centranthus
French_honeysuckle red_valerian
Centranthus_ruber red_valerian
kutch cutch
family_Hymenophyllaceae hymenophyllaceae
genus_Hymenophyllum hymenophyllum
film_fern filmy_fern
genus_Trichomanes trichomanes
filmy_fern bristle_fern
Trichomanes_boschianum hare's-foot_bristle_fern
Trichomanes_speciosum killarney_fern
Trichomanes_reniforme kidney_fern
family_Osmundaceae osmundaceae
osmund flowering_fern
royal_osmund royal_fern
king_fern royal_fern
ditch_fern royal_fern
French_bracken royal_fern
Osmunda_regalis royal_fern
Osmunda_clatonia interrupted_fern
fiddlehead cinnamon_fern
fiddlehead_fern cinnamon_fern
Osmunda_cinnamonea cinnamon_fern
genus_Leptopteris leptopteris
Prince-of-Wales_fern crape_fern
Prince-of-Wales_feather crape_fern
Prince-of-Wales_plume crape_fern
Leptopteris_superba crape_fern
Todea_superba crape_fern
genus_Todea todea
king_fern crepe_fern
Todea_barbara crepe_fern
family_Schizaeaceae schizaeaceae
genus_Schizaea schizaea
curly_grass_fern curly_grass
Schizaea_pusilla curly_grass
genus_Anemia anemia
Anemia_adiantifolia pine_fern
genus_Lygodium lygodium
Hartford_fern creeping_fern
Lygodium_palmatum creeping_fern
climbing_maidenhair_fern climbing_maidenhair
snake_fern climbing_maidenhair
Lygodium_microphyllum climbing_maidenhair
genus_Mohria mohria
Mohria_caffrorum scented_fern
water_fern aquatic_fern
family_Marsileaceae marsileaceae
genus_Marsilea marsilea
pepperwort clover_fern
nardo nardoo
common_nardoo nardoo
Marsilea_drummondii nardoo
Marsilea_quadrifolia water_clover
genus_Pilularia pilularia
Pilularia_globulifera pillwort
Regnellidium_diphyllum regnellidium
family_Salviniaceae salviniaceae
genus_Salvinia salvinia
Salvinia_rotundifolia floating-moss
Salvinia_auriculata floating-moss
family_Azollaceae azollaceae
genus_Azolla azolla
floating_fern mosquito_fern
Carolina_pond_fern mosquito_fern
Azolla_caroliniana mosquito_fern
order_Ophioglossales ophioglossales
family_Ophioglossaceae ophioglossaceae
genus_Ophioglossum ophioglossum
adder's_tongue_fern adder's_tongue
Ophioglossum_pendulum ribbon_fern
genus_Botrychium botrychium
common_moonwort moonwort
Botrychium_lunaria moonwort
daisy-leaved_grape_fern daisyleaf_grape_fern
Botrychium_matricariifolium daisyleaf_grape_fern
Botrychium_multifidum leathery_grape_fern
Botrychium_virginianum rattlesnake_fern
genus_Helminthostachys helminthostachys
Helminthostachys_zeylanica flowering_fern
order_Erysiphales erysiphales
family_Erysiphaceae erysiphaceae
genus_Erysiphe erysiphe
order_Sphaeriales sphaeriales
family_Sphaeriaceae sphaeriaceae
genus_Neurospora neurospora
family_Ceratostomataceae ceratostomataceae
genus_Ceratostomella ceratostomella
Ceratostomella_ulmi dutch_elm_fungus
order_Hypocreales hypocreales
family_Hypocreaceae hypocreaceae
genus_Claviceps claviceps
Claviceps_purpurea ergot
family_Xylariaceae xylariaceae
genus_Xylaria xylaria
Xylaria_mali black_root_rot_fungus
dead-men's-fingers dead-man's-fingers
Xylaria_polymorpha dead-man's-fingers
genus_Rosellinia rosellinia
order_Helotiales helotiales
family_Helotiaceae helotiaceae
genus_Helotium helotium
family_Sclerotiniaceae sclerotiniaceae
order_Sclerodermatales sclerodermatales
family_Sclerodermataceae sclerodermataceae
genus_Scleroderma scleroderma
false_truffle earthball
puffball earthball
hard-skinned_puffball earthball
Scleroderma_aurantium scleroderma_citrinum
star_earthball scleroderma_flavidium
smooth_earthball scleroderma_bovista
family_Tulostomaceae tulostomaceae
Tulostomataceae tulostomaceae
family_Tulostomataceae tulostomaceae
genus_Tulostoma tulostoma
Tulestoma tulostoma
genus_Tulestoma tulostoma
order_Hymenogastrales hymenogastrales
family_Rhizopogonaceae rhizopogonaceae
genus_Rhizopogon rhizopogon
genus_Truncocolumella truncocolumella
subdivision_Zygomycota zygomycota
Zygomycotina zygomycota
subdivision_Zygomycotina zygomycota
class_Zygomycetes zygomycetes
order_Mucorales mucorales
family_Mucoraceae mucoraceae
Rhizopus_nigricans bread_mold
ring_rot_fungus leak_fungus
Rhizopus_stolonifer leak_fungus
order_Entomophthorales entomophthorales
family_Entomophthoraceae entomophthoraceae
genus_Entomophthora entomophthora
slime_mould slime_mold
division_Myxomycota myxomycota
Gymnomycota myxomycota
division_Gymnomycota myxomycota
class_Myxomycetes myxomycetes
acellular_slime_mold true_slime_mold
plasmodial_slime_mold true_slime_mold
myxomycete true_slime_mold
class_Acrasiomycetes acrasiomycetes
Phycomycetes_group phycomycetes
subdivision_Mastigomycota mastigomycota
Mastigomycotina mastigomycota
subdivision_Mastigomycotina mastigomycota
class_Oomycetes oomycetes
class_Chytridiomycetes chytridiomycetes
order_Chytridiales chytridiales
family_Chytridiaceae chytridiaceae
order_Blastocladiales blastocladiales
family_Blastodiaceae blastodiaceae
genus_Blastocladia blastocladia
family_Synchytriaceae synchytriaceae
genus_Synchytrium synchytrium
Synchytrium_endobioticum potato_wart_fungus
order_Saprolegniales saprolegniales
genus_Saprolegnia saprolegnia
Saprolegnia_ferax white_fungus
order_Peronosporales peronosporales
family_Peronosporaceae peronosporaceae
genus_Peronospora peronospora
false_mildew downy_mildew
Peronospora_tabacina blue_mold_fungus
Peronospora_destructor onion_mildew
Peronospora_hyoscyami tobacco_mildew
family_Albuginaceae albuginaceae
genus_Albugo albugo
family_Pythiaceae pythiaceae
Pythium_debaryanum damping_off_fungus
genus_Phytophthora phytophthora
family_Plasmodiophoraceae plasmodiophoraceae
genus_Plasmodiophora plasmodiophora
Plasmodiophora_brassicae clubroot_fungus
order_Tuberales tuberales
family_Tuberaceae tuberaceae
genus_Tuber tuber
earthnut truffle
earth-ball truffle
family_Clavariaceae clavariaceae
family_Hydnaceae hydnaceae
genus_Hydnum hydnum
division_Lichenes lichenes
order_Lichenales lichenales
order_Lechanorales lechanorales
family_Lecanoraceae lecanoraceae
orchil archil
family_Roccellaceae roccellaceae
Roccella_tinctoria roccella
family_Pertusariaceae pertusariaceae
genus_Pertusaria pertusaria
family_Usneaceae usneaceae
genus_Usnea usnea
beard_moss beard_lichen
Usnea_barbata beard_lichen
genus_Evernia evernia
genus_Ramalina ramalina
genus_Alectoria alectoria
horsetail_lichen horsehair_lichen
family_Cladoniaceae cladoniaceae
genus_Cladonia cladonia
reindeer_lichen reindeer_moss
arctic_moss reindeer_moss
Cladonia_rangiferina reindeer_moss
family_Parmeliaceae parmeliaceae
genus_Parmelia parmelia
crottal crottle
crotal crottle
genus_Cetraria cetraria
Iceland_lichen iceland_moss
Cetraria_islandica iceland_moss
kingdom_Fungi fungi
fungus_kingdom fungi
division_Eumycota eumycota
class_Eumycetes eumycetes
subdivision_Deuteromycota deuteromycota
Deuteromycotina deuteromycota
Fungi_imperfecti deuteromycota
subdivision_Deuteromycotina deuteromycota
class_Deuteromycetes deuteromycetes
subdivision_Basidiomycota basidiomycota
Basidiomycotina basidiomycota
subdivision_Basidiomycotina basidiomycota
class_Basidiomycetes basidiomycetes
subclass_Homobasidiomycetes homobasidiomycetes
subclass_Heterobasidiomycetes heterobasidiomycetes
basidiomycetous_fungi basidiomycete
class_Hymenomycetes hymenomycetes
order_Agaricales agaricales
family_Agaricaceae agaricaceae
genus_Agaricus agaricus
Agaricus_arvensis horse_mushroom
field_mushroom meadow_mushroom
Agaricus_campestris meadow_mushroom
genus_Lentinus lentinus
shiitake_mushroom shiitake
Chinese_black_mushroom shiitake
golden_oak_mushroom shiitake
Oriental_black_mushroom shiitake
Lentinus_edodes shiitake
Lentinus_lepideus scaly_lentinus
genus_Amanita amanita
Caesar's_agaric royal_agaric
Amanita_caesarea royal_agaric
Amanita_mappa false_deathcap
Amanita_muscaria fly_agaric
death_cup death_cap
death_angel death_cap
destroying_angel death_cap
Amanita_phalloides death_cap
blusher blushing_mushroom
Amanita_rubescens blushing_mushroom
Amanita_verna destroying_angel
genus_Cantharellus cantharellus
chantarelle chanterelle
Cantharellus_cibarius chanterelle
Cantharellus_floccosus floccose_chanterelle
Cantharellus_clavatus pig's_ears
Cantharellus_cinnabarinus cinnabar_chanterelle
genus_Omphalotus omphalotus
jack-o-lantern jack-o-lantern_fungus
jack-a-lantern jack-o-lantern_fungus
Omphalotus_illudens jack-o-lantern_fungus
genus_Coprinus coprinus
family_Coprinaceae coprinaceae
inky-cap_mushroom inky_cap
Coprinus_atramentarius inky_cap
shaggy_cap shaggymane
shaggymane_mushroom shaggymane
Coprinus_comatus shaggymane
genus_Lactarius lactarius
Lactarius_delicioso milkcap
genus_Marasmius marasmius
Marasmius_oreades fairy-ring_mushroom
fairy_circle fairy_ring
genus_Pleurotus pleurotus
oyster_fungus oyster_mushroom
oyster_agaric oyster_mushroom
Pleurotus_ostreatus oyster_mushroom
Pleurotus_phosphoreus olive-tree_agaric
genus_Pholiota pholiota
golden_pholiota pholiota_aurea
viscid_mushroom nameko
Pholiota_nameko nameko
scaly_pholiota pholiota_squarrosa
genus_Russula russula
family_Russulaceae russulaceae
family_Strophariaceae strophariaceae
genus_Stropharia stropharia
ring-stalked_fungus stropharia
lamella gill
family_Entolomataceae entolomataceae
genus_Entoloma entoloma
Entoloma_sinuatum entoloma_lividum
family_Lepiotaceae lepiotaceae
Lepiota_procera parasol_mushroom
Lepiota_morgani poisonous_parasol
Lepiota_americana american_parasol
Lepiota_cepaestipes onion_stem
family_Thelephoraceae thelephoraceae
genus_Corticium corticium
Corticium_salmonicolor pink_disease_fungus
Corticium_solani bottom_rot_fungus
genus_Pellicularia pellicularia
Pellicularia_filamentosa potato_fungus
Rhizoctinia_solani potato_fungus
Pellicularia_koleroga coffee_fungus
family_Tricholomataceae tricholomataceae
genus_Tricholoma tricholoma
Clitocybe_nuda blewits
Tricholoma_populinum sandy_mushroom
Tricholoma_flavovirens man-on-a-horse
family_Volvariaceae volvariaceae
genus_Volvaria volvaria
family_Pluteaceae pluteaceae
genus_Pluteus pluteus
roof_mushroom pluteus
sawdust_mushroom pluteus_magnus
Pluteus_cervinus deer_mushroom
genus_Volvariella volvariella
Chinese_mushroom straw_mushroom
Volvariella_volvacea straw_mushroom
genus_Clitocybe clitocybe
Clytocybe_alba clitocybe_robusta
Tricholoma_irinum clitocybe_irina
Lepista_irina clitocybe_irina
genus_Flammulina flammulina
Flammulina_velutipes winter_mushroom
subdivision_Ascomycota ascomycota
Ascomycotina ascomycota
subdivision_Ascomycotina ascomycota
class_Ascomycetes ascomycetes
ascomycetous_fungus ascomycete
subclass_Euascomycetes euascomycetes
grainy_club_mushrooms clavicipitaceae
class_Hemiascomycetes hemiascomycetes
order_Endomycetales endomycetales
family_Saccharomycetaceae saccharomycetaceae
genus_Saccharomyces saccharomyces
brewer's_yeast baker's_yeast
Saccharomyces_cerevisiae baker's_yeast
Saccharomyces_ellipsoides wine-maker's_yeast
family_Schizosaccharomycetaceae schizosaccharomycetaceae
genus_Schizosaccharomyces schizosaccharomyces
class_Plectomycetes plectomycetes
order_Eurotiales eurotiales
Aspergillales eurotiales
order_Aspergillales eurotiales
genus_Eurotium eurotium
family_Aspergillaceae aspergillaceae
genus_Aspergillus aspergillus
genus_Thielavia thielavia
Thielavia_basicola brown_root_rot_fungus
class_Pyrenomycetes pyrenomycetes
subclass_Discomycetes discomycetes
cup_fungus discomycete
scarlet_cup sarcoscypha_coccinea
orange_peel_fungus aleuria_aurantia
order_Pezizales pezizales
family_Pezizaceae pezizaceae
genus_Peziza peziza
fairy_cup blood_cup
Peziza_coccinea blood_cup
genus_Plectania plectania
urn_fungus urnula_craterium
family_Morchellaceae morchellaceae
genus_Morchella morchella
Morchella_esculenta common_morel
sponge_mushroom common_morel
sponge_morel common_morel
cup_morel disciotis_venosa
bell_morel verpa
early_morel verpa_bohemica
conic_Verpa verpa_conica
Morchella_conica black_morel
conic_morel black_morel
Morchella_angusticeps black_morel
narrowhead_morel black_morel
thick-footed_morel morchella_crassipes
half-free_morel morchella_semilibera
cow's_head morchella_semilibera
family_Sarcoscyphaceae sarcoscyphaceae
genus_Wynnea wynnea
family_Helvellaceae helvellaceae
miter_mushroom helvella_crispa
California_false_morel gyromitra_californica
round-spored_gyromitra gyromitra_sphaerospora
brain_mushroom gyromitra_esculenta
beefsteak_morel gyromitra_esculenta
saddled-shaped_false_morel gyromitra_infula
Gyromitra_brunnea gyromitra_fastigiata
class_Gasteromycetes gasteromycetes
Gastromycetes gasteromycetes
class_Gastromycetes gasteromycetes
gastromycete gasteromycete
order_Phallales phallales
family_Phallaceae phallaceae
genus_Phallus phallus
carrion_fungus stinkhorn
Phallus_impudicus common_stinkhorn
genus_Dictyophera dictyophera
genus_Mutinus mutinus
Mutinus_caninus dog_stinkhorn
order_Tulostomatales tulostomatales
family_Calostomataceae calostomataceae
family_Clathraceae clathraceae
genus_Clathrus clathrus
genus_Pseudocolus pseudocolus
Pseudocolus_fusiformis stinky_squid
order_Lycoperdales lycoperdales
family_Lycoperdaceae lycoperdaceae
genus_Lycoperdon lycoperdon
true_puffball puffball
genus_Calvatia calvatia
Calvatia_gigantea giant_puffball
family_Geastraceae geastraceae
genus_Geastrum geastrum
genus_Radiigera radiigera
genus_Astreus astreus
order_Nidulariales nidulariales
family_Nidulariaceae nidulariaceae
genus_Nidularia nidularia
family_Sphaerobolaceae sphaerobolaceae
order_Secotiales secotiales
family_Secotiaceae secotiaceae
genus_Gastrocybe gastrocybe
genus_Macowanites macowanites
genus_Gastroboletus gastroboletus
order_Aphyllophorales aphyllophorales
family_Polyporaceae polyporaceae
pore_fungus polypore
pore_mushroom polypore
shelf_fungus bracket_fungus
genus_Albatrellus albatrellus
sheep_polypore albatrellus_ovinus
genus_Neolentinus neolentinus
genus_Nigroporus nigroporus
genus_Oligoporus oligoporus
genus_Polyporus polyporus
hen_of_the_woods hen-of-the-woods
Polyporus_frondosus hen-of-the-woods
Grifola_frondosa hen-of-the-woods
scaly_polypore polyporus_squamosus
family_Fistulinaceae fistulinaceae
genus_Fistulina fistulina
Fistulina_hepatica beefsteak_fungus
genus_Fomes fomes
Fomes_igniarius agaric
family_Boletaceae boletaceae
genus_Boletus boletus
Boletus_frostii frost's_bolete
genus_Fuscoboletinus fuscoboletinus
genus_Leccinum leccinum
genus_Phylloporus phylloporus
genus_Suillus suillus
genus_Strobilomyces strobilomyces
Strobilomyces_floccopus old-man-of-the-woods
genus_Boletellus boletellus
order_Tremellales tremellales
family_Tremellaceae tremellaceae
genus_Tremella tremella
Tremella_fuciformis snow_mushroom
Tremella_lutescens witches'_butter
order_Auriculariales auriculariales
family_Auriculariaceae auriculariaceae
genus_Auricularia auricularia
Jew's-ears jew's-ear
ear_fungus jew's-ear
Auricularia_auricula jew's-ear
family_Dacrymycetaceae dacrymycetaceae
genus_Dacrymyces dacrymyces
order_Uredinales uredinales
rust_fungus rust
family_Melampsoraceae melampsoraceae
genus_Melampsora melampsora
flax_rust_fungus flax_rust
Melampsora_lini flax_rust
genus_Cronartium cronartium
Cronartium_ribicola blister_rust
family_Pucciniaceae pucciniaceae
genus_Puccinia puccinia
Puccinia_graminis wheat_rust
genus_Gymnosporangium gymnosporangium
cedar-apple_rust apple_rust
Gymnosporangium_juniperi-virginianae apple_rust
class_Tiliomycetes tiliomycetes
order_Ustilaginales ustilaginales
smut_fungus smut
family_Ustilaginaceae ustilaginaceae
genus_Ustilago ustilago
corn_smut cornsmut
Ustilago_maydis boil_smut
genus_Sphacelotheca sphacelotheca
Sphacelotheca_reiliana head_smut
family_Tilletiaceae tilletiaceae
genus_Tilletia tilletia
Tilletia_caries bunt
stinking_smut bunt
Tilletia_foetida bunt
genus_Urocystis urocystis
Urocystis_cepulae onion_smut
Urocystis_tritici wheat_flag_smut
family_Septobasidiaceae septobasidiaceae
genus_Septobasidium septobasidium
Septobasidium_pseudopedicellatum felt_fungus
family_Hygrophoraceae hygrophoraceae
genus_Hygrocybe hygrocybe
conic_waxycap hygrocybe_acutoconica
genus_Hygrophorus hygrophorus
genus_Hygrotrama hygrotrama
genus_Neohygrophorus neohygrophorus
family_Cortinariaceae cortinariaceae
genus_Cortinarius cortinarius
purple-staining_Cortinarius cortinarius_mutabilis
genus_Gymnopilus gymnopilus
mould mold
order_Moniliales moniliales
family_Moniliaceae moniliaceae
genus_Trichophyton trichophyton
genus_Microsporum microsporum
Monilia_albicans candida_albicans
genus_Cercosporella cercosporella
genus_Penicillium penicillium
genus_Blastomyces blastomyces
family_Dematiaceae dematiaceae
genus_Cercospora cercospora
Cercospora_kopkei yellow_spot_fungus
genus_Ustilaginoidea ustilaginoidea
Ustilaginoidea_virens green_smut_fungus
family_Tuberculariaceae tuberculariaceae
genus_Tubercularia tubercularia
order_Mycelia_Sterilia mycelia_sterilia
form_genus_Rhizoctinia genus_rhizoctinia
genus_Ozonium ozonium
genus_Sclerotium sclerotium
bedding_plant bedder
tracheophyte vascular_plant
harvest crop
plant_structure plant_part
enation plant_process
tubercle nodule
thorn spine
prickle spine
pricker spine
sticker spine
spikelet spine
glochid glochidium
fuzz hair
tomentum hair
sporophyl sporophyll
spore_case sporangium
spore_sac sporangium
sac theca
velum veil
skirt annulus
spermatozoid antherozoid
flesh pulp
duramen heartwood
vascular_strand vascular_bundle
fibrovascular_bundle vascular_bundle
nervure vein
midvein midrib
medullary_ray vascular_ray
bast phloem
bast_fiber bast
evergreen_plant evergreen
cirrhus cirrus
ligneous_plant woody_plant
coniferous_tree conifer
flowering_tree angiospermous_tree
tree_stump stump
ground_cover groundcover
ground_cover groundcover
bush shrub
suffrutex subshrub
semiparasite hemiparasite
xerophyte desert_plant
xerophytic_plant desert_plant
xerophile desert_plant
xerophilous_plant desert_plant
mesophytic_plant mesophyte
water_plant aquatic_plant
hydrophyte aquatic_plant
hydrophytic_plant aquatic_plant
bog_plant marsh_plant
swamp_plant marsh_plant
epiphyte air_plant
aerophyte air_plant
epiphytic_plant air_plant
semiepiphyte hemiepiphyte
strangler_tree strangler
lithophytic_plant lithophyte
rupestrine_plant rupestral_plant
rupicolous_plant rupestral_plant
saxicolous_plant rupestral_plant
saprophytic_organism saprophyte
autophytic_plant autophyte
autotroph autophyte
autotrophic_organism autophyte
root_system rootage
slip cutting
runner stolon
offset stolon
treetop crown
rootstock rhizome
rootstalk rhizome
stem stalk
cladophyll cladode
phylloclad cladode
phylloclade cladode
caudex stock
flower_stalk scape
leafstalk petiole
leaf_blade blade
pedicle pedicel
thyrsus thyrse
spike ear
capitulum ear
head capitulum
bulblet bulbil
meat kernel
multiple_fruit aggregate_fruit
syncarp aggregate_fruit
bacca simple_fruit
stone_fruit drupe
false_fruit pome
seedpod pod
pyxis pyxidium
cod pod
seedcase pod
peasecod pea_pod
pseudocarp accessory_fruit
order_Rhamnales rhamnales
family_Rhamnaceae rhamnaceae
buckthorn_family rhamnaceae
genus_Rhamnus rhamnus
yellow_berry buckthorn_berry
bearberry cascara_buckthorn
bearwood cascara_buckthorn
chittamwood cascara_buckthorn
chittimwood cascara_buckthorn
Rhamnus_purshianus cascara_buckthorn
cascara_sagrada cascara
chittam_bark cascara
chittem_bark cascara
indian_cherry carolina_buckthorn
Rhamnus_carolinianus carolina_buckthorn
California_buckthorn coffeeberry
California_coffee coffeeberry
Rhamnus_californicus coffeeberry
alder_dogwood alder_buckthorn
Rhamnus_frangula alder_buckthorn
red-berry redberry
Rhamnus_croceus redberry
genus_Colubrina colubrina
genus_Ziziphus ziziphus
jujube_bush jujube
Christ's-thorn jujube
Jerusalem_thorn jujube
Ziziphus_jujuba jujube
Ziziphus_lotus lotus_tree
genus_Paliurus paliurus
Jerusalem_thorn christ's-thorn
Paliurus_spina-christi christ's-thorn
genus_Pomaderris pomaderris
hazel_tree hazel
Pomaderris_apetala hazel
family_Vitaceae vitaceae
Vitidaceae vitaceae
grapevine_family vitaceae
genus_Vitis vitis
grapevine grape
grape_vine grape
Vitis_labrusca fox_grape
Vitis_rotundifolia muscadine
vinifera_grape vinifera
common_grape_vine vinifera
Vitis_vinifera vinifera
chardonnay_grape chardonnay
Pinot_grape pinot
muskat muscat
genus_Parthenocissus parthenocissus
Japanese_ivy boston_ivy
Parthenocissus_tricuspidata boston_ivy
American_ivy virginia_creeper
woodbine virginia_creeper
Parthenocissus_quinquefolia virginia_creeper
order_Piperales piperales
family_Piperaceae piperaceae
pepper_family piperaceae
genus_Piper piper
pepper_vine true_pepper
common_pepper pepper
black_pepper pepper
white_pepper pepper
Madagascar_pepper pepper
Piper_nigrum pepper
Piper_longum long_pepper
betel_pepper betel
Piper_betel betel
cubeb_vine cubeb
Java_pepper cubeb
Piper_cubeba cubeb
Peperomia_argyreia watermelon_begonia
Peperomia_sandersii watermelon_begonia
family_Chloranthaceae chloranthaceae
genus_Chloranthus chloranthus
family_Saururaceae saururaceae
lizard's-tail_family saururaceae
genus_Saururus saururus
swamp_lily lizard's-tail
water_dragon lizard's-tail
Saururus_cernuus lizard's-tail
genus_Anemopsis anemopsis
Anemopsis_californica yerba_mansa
genus_Houttuynia houttuynia
leafage leaf
foliage leaf
verdure greenery
water_pore hydathode
water_stoma hydathode
leaf_node node
pinnule pinna
bractlet bracteole
flowering_glume lemma
scale_leaf scale
bijugous_leaf bijugate_leaf
twice-pinnate bijugate_leaf
needle acerate_leaf
elongate_leaf linear_leaf
panduriform_leaf pandurate_leaf
sagittiform_leaf sagittate-leaf
abruptly-pinnate_leaf even-pinnate_leaf
tapa_bark tapa
tappa tapa
tappa_bark tapa
angostura angostura_bark
halm haulm
tree_branch limb
twig branchlet
sprig branchlet
withy withe
tree_trunk trunk
bole trunk
class_Filicopsida filicopsida
Filicinae filicopsida
class_Filicinae filicopsida
order_Filicales filicales
Polypodiales filicales
order_Polypodiales filicales
family_Gleicheniaceae gleicheniaceae
genus_Gleichenia gleichenia
genus_Dicranopteris dicranopteris
genus_Diplopterygium diplopterygium
Diplopterygium_longissimum giant_scrambling_fern
genus_Sticherus sticherus
fan_fern umbrella_fern
Sticherus_flabellatus umbrella_fern
Gleichenia_flabellata umbrella_fern
family_Parkeriaceae parkeriaceae
genus_Ceratopteris ceratopteris
water_sprite floating_fern
Ceratopteris_pteridioides floating_fern
Ceratopteris_thalictroides floating_fern
family_Polypodiaceae polypodiaceae
genus_Polypodium polypodium
Polypodium_glycyrrhiza licorice_fern
gray_polypody grey_polypody
resurrection_fern grey_polypody
Polypodium_polypodioides grey_polypody
leathery_polypody leatherleaf
coast_polypody leatherleaf
Polypodium_scouleri leatherleaf
rock_brake rock_polypody
American_wall_fern rock_polypody
Polypodium_virgianum rock_polypody
adder's_fern common_polypody
wall_fern common_polypody
golden_maidenhair common_polypody
golden_polypody common_polypody
sweet_fern common_polypody
Polypodium_vulgare common_polypody
genus_Aglaomorpha aglaomorpha
Aglaomorpha_meyeniana bear's-paw_fern
genus_Campyloneurum campyloneurum
cow-tongue_fern florida_strap_fern
hart's-tongue_fern florida_strap_fern
narrow-leaved_strap_fern central_american_strap_fern
Campyloneurum_augustifolium central_american_strap_fern
genus_Drymoglossum drymoglossum
genus_Drynaria drynaria
Drynaria_rigidula basket_fern
genus_Microgramma microgramma
Microgramma-piloselloides snake_polypody
genus_Microsorium microsorium
Microsorium_punctatum climbing_bird's_nest_fern
genus_Phlebodium phlebodium
serpent_fern golden_polypody
rabbit's-foot_fern golden_polypody
Phlebodium_aureum golden_polypody
Polypodium_aureum golden_polypody
genus_Platycerium platycerium
Platycerium_andinum south_american_staghorn
elkhorn_fern common_staghorn_fern
Platycerium_bifurcatum common_staghorn_fern
Platycerium_alcicorne common_staghorn_fern
genus_Pyrrosia pyrrosia
tongue_fern felt_fern
Pyrrosia_lingua felt_fern
Cyclophorus_lingua felt_fern
genus_Solanopteris solanopteris
Solanopteris_bifrons potato_fern
genus_Cyclophorus cyclophorus
family_Adiantaceae adiantaceae
family_Vittariaceae vittariaceae
genus_Vittaria vittaria
ribbon_fern grass_fern
Vittaria_lineata grass_fern
family_Aspleniaceae aspleniaceae
genus_Asplenium asplenium
Asplenium_adiantum-nigrum black_spleenwort
Asplenium_nidus bird's_nest_fern
Scott's_Spleenwort ebony_spleenwort
Asplenium_platyneuron ebony_spleenwort
black-stemmed_spleenwort black-stem_spleenwort
little_ebony_spleenwort black-stem_spleenwort
genus_Camptosorus camptosorus
walking_leaf walking_fern
Asplenium_rhizophyllum walking_fern
Camptosorus_rhizophyllus walking_fern
Asplenium_trichomanes maidenhair_spleenwort
Asplenium_viride green_spleenwort
Asplenium_montanum mountain_spleenwort
wall_rue_spleenwort wall_rue
Asplenium_ruta-muraria wall_rue
Asplenium_bradleyi bradley's_spleenwort
Asplenium_pinnatifidum lobed_spleenwort
Asplenium_billotii lanceolate_spleenwort
hart's-tongue_fern hart's-tongue
Asplenium_scolopendrium hart's-tongue
Phyllitis_scolopendrium hart's-tongue
genus_Ceterach ceterach
scaly_fern scale_fern
Asplenium_ceterach scale_fern
Ceterach_officinarum scale_fern
genus_Pleurosorus pleurosorus
genus_Schaffneria schaffneria
Asplenium_nigripes schaffneria_nigripes
Scolopendrium_nigripes schaffneria_nigripes
genus_Phyllitis phyllitis
genus_Scolopendrium phyllitis
family_Blechnaceae blechnaceae
genus_Blechnum blechnum
Blechnum_spicant deer_fern
Doodia genus_doodia
rasp_fern doodia
genus_Sadleria sadleria
genus_Stenochlaena stenochlaena
genus_Woodwardia woodwardia
Woodwardia_virginica virginia_chain_fern
family_Cyatheaceae cyatheaceae
genus_Cyathea cyathea
sago_fern silver_tree_fern
black_tree_fern silver_tree_fern
Cyathea_medullaris silver_tree_fern
family_Davalliaceae davalliaceae
Davallia_canariensis canary_island_hare's_foot_fern
Davallia_pyxidata australian_hare's_foot
ball_fern squirrel's-foot_fern
Davalia_bullata squirrel's-foot_fern
Davalia_bullata_mariesii squirrel's-foot_fern
Davallia_Mariesii squirrel's-foot_fern
family_Dennstaedtiaceae dennstaedtiaceae
genus_Dennstaedtia dennstaedtia
hay-scented_fern hay-scented
scented_fern hay-scented
boulder_fern hay-scented
Dennstaedtia_punctilobula hay-scented
genus_Pteridium pteridium
pasture_brake bracken
brake bracken
Pteridium_aquilinum bracken
Pteridium_esculentum bracken
family_Dicksoniaceae dicksoniaceae
genus_Dicksonia dicksonia
Dicksonia_antarctica soft_tree_fern
genus_Cibotium cibotium
Cibotium_barometz scythian_lamb
genus_Culcita culcita
Culcita_dubia false_bracken
Thyrsopteris_elegans thyrsopteris
family_Dryopteridaceae dryopteridaceae
Athyriaceae dryopteridaceae
family_Athyriaceae dryopteridaceae
buckler_fern shield_fern
genus_Dryopteris dryopteris
Dryopteris_dilatata broad_buckler-fern
fragrant_shield_fern fragrant_cliff_fern
fragrant_wood_fern fragrant_cliff_fern
Dryopteris_fragrans fragrant_cliff_fern
Goldie's_shield_fern goldie's_fern
goldie's_wood_fern goldie's_fern
Dryopteris_goldiana goldie's_fern
wood-fern wood_fern
woodfern wood_fern
Dryopteris_filix-mas male_fern
evergreen_wood_fern marginal_wood_fern
leatherleaf_wood_fern marginal_wood_fern
Dryopteris_marginalis marginal_wood_fern
Dryopteris_oreades mountain_male_fern
genus_Athyrium athyrium
Athyrium_filix-femina lady_fern
Athyrium_distentifolium alpine_lady_fern
glade_fern silvery_spleenwort
narrow-leaved_spleenwort silvery_spleenwort
Athyrium_pycnocarpon silvery_spleenwort
Diplazium_pycnocarpon silvery_spleenwort
genus_Cyrtomium cyrtomium
Cyrtomium_aculeatum holly_fern
Polystichum_aculeatum holly_fern
genus_Cystopteris cystopteris
brittle_fern brittle_bladder_fern
fragile_fern brittle_bladder_fern
Cystopteris_fragilis brittle_bladder_fern
Cystopteris_montana mountain_bladder_fern
bulblet_bladder_fern bulblet_fern
berry_fern bulblet_fern
Cystopteris_bulbifera bulblet_fern
genus_Deparia deparia
Deparia_acrostichoides silvery_spleenwort
Athyrium_thelypteroides silvery_spleenwort
genus_Diacalpa diacalpa
genus_Gymnocarpium gymnocarpium
Gymnocarpium_dryopteris oak_fern
Thelypteris_dryopteris oak_fern
northern_oak_fern limestone_fern
Gymnocarpium_robertianum limestone_fern
genus_Lastreopsis lastreopsis
genus_Matteuccia matteuccia
Pteretis matteuccia
genus_Pteretis matteuccia
shuttlecock_fern ostrich_fern
fiddlehead ostrich_fern
Matteuccia_struthiopteris ostrich_fern
Pteretis_struthiopteris ostrich_fern
Onoclea_struthiopteris ostrich_fern
genus_Olfersia olfersia
hart's-tongue_fern hart's-tongue
Olfersia_cervina hart's-tongue
Polybotrya_cervina hart's-tongue
Polybotria_cervina hart's-tongue
genus_Onoclea onoclea
bead_fern sensitive_fern
Onoclea_sensibilis sensitive_fern
genus_Polybotrya polybotrya
Polybotria polybotrya
genus_Polybotria polybotrya
genus_Polystichum polystichum
canker_brake christmas_fern
dagger_fern christmas_fern
evergreen_wood_fern christmas_fern
Polystichum_acrostichoides christmas_fern
prickly_shield_fern braun's_holly_fern
Polystichum_braunii braun's_holly_fern
Polystichum_lonchitis northern_holly_fern
Polystichum_scopulinum western_holly_fern
Polystichum_setiferum soft_shield_fern
genus_Rumohra rumohra
leatherleaf_fern leather_fern
ten-day_fern leather_fern
Rumohra_adiantiformis leather_fern
Polystichum_adiantiformis leather_fern
genus_Tectaria tectaria
Tectaria_cicutaria button_fern
Tectaria_macrodonta indian_button_fern
fragrant_woodsia rusty_woodsia
oblong_woodsia rusty_woodsia
Woodsia_ilvensis rusty_woodsia
northern_woodsia alpine_woodsia
flower-cup_fern alpine_woodsia
Woodsia_alpina alpine_woodsia
Woodsia_glabella smooth_woodsia
family_Lomariopsidaceae lomariopsidaceae
genus_Bolbitis bolbitis
genus_Lomogramma lomogramma
family_Lophosoriaceae lophosoriaceae
genus_Lophosoria lophosoria
family_Loxomataceae loxomataceae
genus_Loxoma loxoma
family_Oleandraceae oleandraceae
genus_Oleandra oleandra
Oleandra_neriiformis oleander_fern
Oleandra_mollis oleander_fern
genus_Arthropteris arthropteris
genus_Nephrolepis nephrolepis
Nephrolepis_exaltata boston_fern
Nephrolepis_exaltata_bostoniensis boston_fern
toothed_sword_fern basket_fern
Nephrolepis_pectinata basket_fern
family_Pteridaceae pteridaceae
genus_Acrostichum acrostichum
leather_fern golden_fern
Acrostichum_aureum golden_fern
genus_Actiniopteris actiniopteris
genus_Adiantum adiantum
maidenhair_fern maidenhair
Venushair common_maidenhair
Venus'-hair_fern common_maidenhair
southern_maidenhair common_maidenhair
Venus_maidenhair common_maidenhair
Adiantum_capillus-veneris common_maidenhair
five-fingered_maidenhair_fern american_maidenhair_fern
Adiantum_pedatum american_maidenhair_fern
Bermuda_maidenhair_fern bermuda_maidenhair
Adiantum_bellum bermuda_maidenhair
brittle_maidenhair_fern brittle_maidenhair
Adiantum_tenerum brittle_maidenhair
Farley_maidenhair_fern farley_maidenhair
Barbados_maidenhair farley_maidenhair
glory_fern farley_maidenhair
Adiantum_tenerum_farleyense farley_maidenhair
genus_Anogramma anogramma
Jersey_fern annual_fern
Anogramma_leptophylla annual_fern
genus_Cheilanthes cheilanthes
lipfern lip_fern
Alabama_lip_fern smooth_lip_fern
Cheilanthes_alabamensis smooth_lip_fern
Cheilanthes_gracillima lace_fern
hairy_lip_fern wooly_lip_fern
Cheilanthes_lanosa wooly_lip_fern
Cheilanthes_eatonii southwestern_lip_fern
genus_Coniogramme coniogramme
Coniogramme_japonica bamboo_fern
genus_Cryptogramma cryptogramma
American_parsley_fern american_rock_brake
Cryptogramma_acrostichoides american_rock_brake
mountain_parsley_fern european_parsley_fern
Cryptogramma_crispa european_parsley_fern
genus_Doryopteris doryopteris
Doryopteris_pedata hand_fern
genus_Jamesonia jamesonia
genus_Onychium onychium
genus_Pellaea pellaea
cliff-brake cliff_brake
rock_brake cliff_brake
Pellaea_andromedifolia coffee_fern
Pellaea_atropurpurea purple_rock_brake
Pellaea_mucronata bird's-foot_fern
Pellaea_ornithopus bird's-foot_fern
Pellaea_rotundifolia button_fern
genus_Pityrogramma pityrogramma
Pityrogramma_argentea silver_fern
Pityrogramma_calomelanos silver_fern
Pityrogramma_calomelanos_aureoflava golden_fern
Pityrogramma_chrysophylla gold_fern
genus_Pteris pteris
spider_fern spider_brake
Pteris_multifida spider_brake
spider_fern ribbon_fern
Pteris_serrulata ribbon_fern
order_Marattiales marattiales
family_Marattiaceae marattiaceae
genus_Marattia marattia
Marattia_salicina potato_fern
giant_fern angiopteris
Angiopteris_evecta angiopteris
genus_Danaea danaea
class_Psilopsida psilopsida
Psilotatae psilopsida
class_Psilotatae psilopsida
order_Psilotales psilotales
family_Psilotaceae psilotaceae
genus_Psilotum psilotum
Psilotum_nudum skeleton_fork_fern
order_Psilophytales psilophytales
family_Psilophytaceae psilophytaceae
family_Rhyniaceae rhyniaceae
genus_Rhynia rhynia
genus_Horneophyton horneophyton
class_Sphenopsida sphenopsida
Equisetatae sphenopsida
class_Equisetatae sphenopsida
order_Equisetales equisetales
family_Equisetaceae equisetaceae
horsetail_family equisetaceae
genus_Equisetum equisetum
field_horsetail common_horsetail
Equisetum_arvense common_horsetail
water_horsetail swamp_horsetail
Equisetum_fluviatile swamp_horsetail
rough_horsetail scouring_rush
Equisetum_hyemale scouring_rush
Equisetum_hyemale_robustum scouring_rush
Equisetum_robustum scouring_rush
Equisetum_palustre marsh_horsetail
Equisetum_Sylvaticum wood_horsetail
variegated_scouring_rush variegated_horsetail
Equisetum_variegatum variegated_horsetail
class_Lycopsida lycopsida
Lycopodiate lycopsida
class_Lycopodiate lycopsida
class_Lycopodineae lycopodineae
club-moss club_moss
lycopod club_moss
order_Lepidodendrales lepidodendrales
family_Lepidodendraceae lepidodendraceae
order_Lycopodiales lycopodiales
family_Lycopodiaceae lycopodiaceae
clubmoss_family lycopodiaceae
genus_Lycopodium lycopodium
Lycopodium_lucidulum shining_clubmoss
Lycopodium_alpinum alpine_clubmoss
mountain_clubmoss fir_clubmoss
little_clubmoss fir_clubmoss
Lycopodium_selago fir_clubmoss
Christmas_green ground_pine
Lycopodium_clavitum running_pine
staghorn_moss ground_cedar
Lycopodium_complanatum ground_cedar
princess_pine ground_fir
tree_clubmoss ground_fir
Lycopodium_obscurum ground_fir
Lycopodium_alopecuroides foxtail_grass
order_Selaginellales selaginellales
family_Selaginellaceae selaginellaceae
genus_Selaginella selaginella
spike_moss spikemoss
little_club_moss spikemoss
basket_spikemoss meadow_spikemoss
Selaginella_apoda meadow_spikemoss
dwarf_lycopod rock_spikemoss
Selaginella_rupestris rock_spikemoss
Selaginella_eremophila desert_selaginella
rose_of_Jericho resurrection_plant
Selaginella_lepidophylla resurrection_plant
Selaginella_eatonii florida_selaginella
order_Isoetales isoetales
family_Isoetaceae isoetaceae
quillwort_family isoetaceae
genus_Isoetes isoetes
family_Geoglossaceae geoglossaceae
genus_Geoglossum geoglossum
earth-tongue earthtongue
family_Cryptogrammataceae cryptogrammataceae
family_Thelypteridaceae thelypteridaceae
genus_Thelypteris thelypteris
Thelypteris_palustris marsh_fern
Dryopteris_thelypteris marsh_fern
meadow_fern snuffbox_fern
Thelypteris_palustris_pubescens snuffbox_fern
Dryopteris_thelypteris_pubescens snuffbox_fern
genus_Amauropelta amauropelta
genus_Cyclosorus cyclosorus
genus_Goniopteris goniopteris
genus_Macrothelypteris macrothelypteris
genus_Meniscium meniscium
genus_Oreopteris oreopteris
Oreopteris_limbosperma mountain_fern
Dryopteris_oreopteris mountain_fern
genus_Parathelypteris parathelypteris
Parathelypteris_novae-boracensis new_york_fern
Dryopteris_noveboracensis new_york_fern
Parathelypteris_simulata massachusetts_fern
Thelypteris_simulata massachusetts_fern
genus_Phegopteris phegopteris
southern_beech_fern broad_beech_fern
Phegopteris_hexagonoptera broad_beech_fern
Dryopteris_hexagonoptera broad_beech_fern
Thelypteris_hexagonoptera broad_beech_fern
narrow_beech_fern long_beech_fern
northern_beech_fern long_beech_fern
Phegopteris_connectilis long_beech_fern
Dryopteris_phegopteris long_beech_fern
Thelypteris_phegopteris long_beech_fern
genus_Armillaria armillaria
booted_armillaria armillaria_caligata
white_matsutake armillaria_ponderosa
genus_Armillariella armillariella
honey_fungus honey_mushroom
Armillariella_mellea honey_mushroom
family_Asclepiadaceae asclepiadaceae
milkweed_family asclepiadaceae
genus_Asclepias asclepias
silkweed milkweed
Asclepias_albicans white_milkweed
swallowwort blood_flower
Asclepias_curassavica blood_flower
Asclepias_exaltata poke_milkweed
Asclepias_incarnata swamp_milkweed
Asclepias_meadii mead's_milkweed
Asclepia_meadii mead's_milkweed
Asclepias_purpurascens purple_silkweed
Asclepias_speciosa showy_milkweed
horsetail_milkweed poison_milkweed
Asclepias_subverticillata poison_milkweed
orange_milkweed butterfly_weed
chigger_flower butterfly_weed
chiggerflower butterfly_weed
pleurisy_root butterfly_weed
tuber_root butterfly_weed
Indian_paintbrush butterfly_weed
Asclepias_tuberosa butterfly_weed
Asclepias_verticillata whorled_milkweed
genus_Araujia araujia
Araujia_sericofera cruel_plant
Hoya_carnosa wax_plant
genus_Periploca periploca
Periploca_graeca silk_vine
genus_Sarcostemma sarcostemma
haoma soma
Sarcostemma_acidum soma
carrion_flower stapelia
starfish_flower stapelia
waxflower madagascar_jasmine
Stephanotis_floribunda madagascar_jasmine
genus_Vincetoxicum vincetoxicum
Vincetoxicum_hirsutum negro_vine
Vincetoxicum_negrum negro_vine
virgin_forest old_growth
land_tenure tenure
proprietary proprietorship
belongings property
holding property
material_possession tangible_possession
worldly_belongings worldly_possessions
worldly_goods worldly_possessions
rateables ratables
personal_estate personal_property
personalty personal_property
private_property personal_property
personal_chattel chattel
movable chattel
personal_effects effects
real_estate real_property
realty real_property
immovable real_property
land estate
landed_estate estate
acres estate
demesne estate
spirituality spiritualty
church_property spiritualty
temporality temporalty
ecclesiastical_benefice benefice
rental lease
letting lease
hire_car car_rental
rent-a-car car_rental
self-drive car_rental
u-drive car_rental
you-drive car_rental
sublet sublease
feoff fief
dead_hand mortmain
bundle pile
big_bucks pile
megabucks pile
big_money pile
clobber stuff
estate_for_life life_estate
seigniory seigneury
signory seigneury
transferred_possession transferred_property
addition accession
buy bargain
steal bargain
assignment grant
apanage appanage
gravy_train easy_money
Earnings_Before_Interest_Taxes_Depreciation_and_Amortization ebitda
revenue gross
receipts gross
GNP gross_national_product
real_GNP real_gross_national_product
GDP gross_domestic_product
net net_income
net_profit net_income
lucre net_income
profit net_income
profits net_income
earnings net_income
cleanup killing
win winnings
profits winnings
issue return
take return
takings return
proceeds return
yield return
payoff return
quick_buck fast_buck
gross_profit_margin gross_profit
margin gross_profit
gross_revenue gross_sales
sales gross_sales
profit_margin margin_of_profit
gross_margin margin_of_profit
unearned_revenue unearned_income
unearned_revenue unearned_income
government_revenue government_income
taxation tax_income
tax_revenue tax_income
revenue tax_income
booty loot
pillage loot
plunder loot
prize loot
swag loot
dirty_money loot
heritage inheritance
legacy bequest
patrimony birthright
legal_jointure jointure
dowery dowry
dower dowry
portion dowry
largesse largess
economic_aid aid
financial_aid aid
European_Recovery_Program marshall_plan
postdoc postdoctoral
post_doc postdoctoral
award prize
birthday_gift birthday_present
Christmas_gift christmas_present
stocking_stuffer stocking_filler
wedding_gift wedding_present
donation contribution
Peter's_pence hearth_money
political_donation political_contribution
endowment_fund endowment
bestowment bestowal
premium bounty
freebee freebie
incentive bonus
incentive_scheme incentive_program
adjustment allowance
discount deduction
spending outgo
expenditure outgo
outlay outgo
disbursal expense
disbursement expense
trade_expense business_expense
operating_cost operating_expense
overhead operating_expense
budget_items operating_expense
pay wage
earnings wage
remuneration wage
salary wage
pay_packet pay_envelope
rate_of_pay pay_rate
rate_of_payment payment_rate
repayment_rate payment_rate
installment_rate payment_rate
discount rebate
maintenance alimony
ransom_money ransom
payoff bribe
portion share
part share
percentage share
piece slice
stake interest
undivided_right undivided_interest
vigorish rake-off
allocation allotment
amends damages
indemnity damages
indemnification damages
restitution damages
redress damages
offset counterbalance
compensatory_damages actual_damages
general_damages actual_damages
exemplary_damages punitive_damages
smart_money punitive_damages
expiation atonement
satisfaction atonement
poverty_level poverty_line
travel_reimbursement travel_allowance
rente annuity
survivorship_annuity reversionary_annuity
rent economic_rent
installment_buying installment_plan
time_plan installment_plan
never-never hire-purchase
sickness_benefit sick_benefit
perquisite fringe_benefit
perk fringe_benefit
apanage appanage
tax_break tax_benefit
tip gratuity
pourboire gratuity
baksheesh gratuity
bakshish gratuity
bakshis gratuity
backsheesh gratuity
final_payment payoff
remittal remittance
remission remittance
remitment remittance
quittance repayment
default nonpayment
nonremittal nonpayment
nonpayment default
nonremittal default
requital retribution
forfeiture forfeit
forfeiture forfeit
mulct fine
amercement fine
insurance_premium premium
handling_charge handling_cost
physical_value reproduction_cost
terms price
damage price
selling_price asking_price
cash_price spot_price
capital_cost cost_of_capital
carrying_charge carrying_cost
incidental incidental_expense
minor_expense incidental_expense
transportation fare
carfare bus_fare
taxi_fare cab_fare
taxation tax
revenue_enhancement tax
withholding withholding_tax
pay_as_you_earn paye
land_tax property_tax
estate_tax inheritance_tax
death_tax inheritance_tax
death_duty inheritance_tax
shelter tax_shelter
graduated_tax progressive_tax
stamp_duty stamp_tax
supertax surtax
tariff duty
excise_tax excise
nuisance_tax sales_tax
value-added_tax vat
ad_valorem_tax vat
customs_duty customs
custom customs
impost customs
tunnage tonnage
tonnage_duty tonnage
fixed_cost fixed_charge
fixed_costs fixed_charge
cover cover_charge
rate_of_interest interest_rate
discount discount_rate
bank_discount discount_rate
vigorish usury
docking_fee dockage
admission entrance_fee
admission_charge entrance_fee
admission_fee entrance_fee
admission_price entrance_fee
price_of_admission entrance_fee
entrance_money entrance_fee
license_fee licensing_fee
license_tax licensing_fee
consideration retainer
quid quid_pro_quo
tuition_fee tuition
quayage wharfage
agiotage agio
premium agio
exchange_premium agio
charge_per_unit rate
service_fee service_charge
freightage freight
freight_rate freight
depreciation_rate rate_of_depreciation
exchange_rate rate_of_exchange
lineage linage
red_ink loss
red loss
wear_and_tear depreciation
straight-line_method_of_depreciation straight-line_method
write-down write-off
tax_deduction tax_write-off
deduction tax_write-off
losses losings
paper_gold special_drawing_rights
sum_of_money sum
amount sum
amount_of_money sum
natural_resources natural_resource
intangible_asset intangible
goodwill good_will
current_assets liquid_assets
quick_assets liquid_assets
investment_funds investment
stockholdings stockholding
blue-chip_stock blue_chip
common_shares common_stock
ordinary_shares common_stock
face_value par_value
nominal_value par_value
no-par_stock no-par-value_stock
preferred_shares preferred_stock
preference_shares preferred_stock
cumulative_preferred_stock cumulative_preferred
hot_issue hot_stock
market_price market_value
bearer_bond coupon_bond
high-yield_bond junk_bond
surety_bond performance_bond
debenture unsecured_bond
debenture_bond unsecured_bond
agency_security government_security
utility_revenue_bond utility_bond
zero-coupon_bond zero_coupon_bond
authorized_stock authorized_shares
capital_stock authorized_shares
venture speculation
stakes stake
bet stake
wager stake
jackpot pot
kitty pot
protection security
hedging hedge
insurance_coverage coverage
car_insurance automobile_insurance
no_fault_automobile_insurance no_fault_insurance
hospitalization hospitalization_insurance
life_assurance life_insurance
tontine_insurance tontine
ordinary_life_insurance whole_life_insurance
straight_life_insurance whole_life_insurance
HMO health_maintenance_organization
surety security
deposit down_payment
arles earnest_money
recognisance recognizance
bail_bond bail
bond bail
security_deposit margin
guaranty guarantee
riches wealth
substance means
risk_capital venture_capital
working_capital capital
accounting account
account_statement account
earnings_report income_statement
operating_statement income_statement
profit-and-loss_statement income_statement
corpus principal
principal_sum principal
finances funds
monetary_resource funds
cash_in_hand funds
pecuniary_resource funds
roll bankroll
exchequer treasury
trough public_treasury
till public_treasury
pork pork_barrel
monetary_fund fund
ETF exchange_traded_fund
nest_egg savings
superannuation_fund pension_fund
public_trust charitable_trust
grantor_trust clifford_trust
involuntary_trust constructive_trust
express_trust direct_trust
fixed_investment_trust nondiscretionary_trust
inter_vivos_trust living_trust
savings_bank_trust savings_account_trust
trust_account savings_account_trust
trustee_account savings_account_trust
Totten_trust savings_account_trust
chequing_account checking_account
current_account checking_account
deposit_account time_deposit_account
CD certificate_of_deposit
keep support
livelihood support
living support
bread_and_butter support
sustenance support
financial_support support
funding support
backing support
financial_backing support
creature_comforts comforts
amenities comforts
conveniences comforts
cache hoard
stash hoard
stock store
fund store
military_issue issue
government_issue issue
seed_grain seed_corn
backlog reserve
stockpile reserve
kitty pool
reserve_fund reserve_account
valuation_account valuation_reserve
allowance valuation_reserve
allowance_account valuation_reserve
hoarded_wealth treasure
trove treasure_trove
sparkler ice
monetary_system medium_of_exchange
monetary_standard standard
legal_tender tender
stamp tender
deferred_payment credit
commercial_loan business_loan
home_equity_credit home_loan
home_equity_loan home_loan
equity_credit_line home_loan
installment_loan installment_credit
revolving_credit open-end_credit
charge_account_credit open-end_credit
charge_account credit_account
open_account credit_account
cash_advance advance
charge_card credit_card
charge_plate credit_card
plastic credit_card
phone_card calling_card
cashcard cash_card
bill_of_exchange draft
order_of_payment draft
foreign_draft foreign_bill
line_of_credit credit_line
bank_line credit_line
line credit_line
personal_credit_line credit_line
personal_line_of_credit credit_line
traveller's_letter_of_credit traveler's_letter_of_credit
traveller's_check traveler's_check
banker's_check traveler's_check
banker's_draft bank_draft
postal_order money_order
check_overdraft_credit overdraft_credit
bank_deposit deposit
banker's_acceptance acceptance
bank_check check
cheque check
bad_cheque bad_check
giro_cheque giro
payroll_check paycheck
certified_cheque certified_check
personal_cheque personal_check
treasurer's_check cashier's_check
cashier's_cheque cashier's_check
treasurer's_cheque cashier's_check
blank_cheque blank_check
disability_payment disability_check
medicare_payment medicare_check
retirement_pension old-age_pension
retirement_check old-age_pension
retirement_benefit old-age_pension
retirement_fund old-age_pension
superannuation old-age_pension
bread boodle
cabbage boodle
clams boodle
dinero boodle
dough boodle
gelt boodle
kale boodle
lettuce boodle
lolly boodle
lucre boodle
loot boodle
moolah boodle
pelf boodle
scratch boodle
shekels boodle
simoleons boodle
sugar boodle
wampum boodle
subsidisation subsidization
immediate_payment cash
hard_cash cash
hard_currency cash
folding_money paper_money
paper_currency paper_money
mintage coinage
specie coinage
metal_money coinage
chickenfeed small_change
chump_change small_change
bezzant bezant
byzant bezant
solidus bezant
fifty-cent_piece half_dollar
ha'penny halfpenny
cent penny
centime penny
tuppence twopence
groat fourpence
tanner sixpence
cartwheel silver_dollar
note bill
government_note bill
bank_bill bill
banker's_bill bill
bank_note bill
banknote bill
Federal_Reserve_note bill
greenback bill
Treasury_obligations treasury
T-bill treasury_bill
c-note hundred_dollar_bill
fifty fifty_dollar_bill
twenty twenty_dollar_bill
ten_dollar_bill tenner
five-spot fiver
five_dollar_bill fiver
nickel_note nickel
dollar_bill dollar
one_dollar_bill dollar
buck dollar
clam dollar
debt_ceiling debt_limit
obligation debt_instrument
certificate_of_indebtedness debt_instrument
promissory_note note
note_of_hand note
demand_loan call_loan
loan_participation participation_loan
participation_financing participation_loan
consumer_loan personal_loan
auto_loan automobile_loan
car_loan automobile_loan
mortgage_loan real_estate_loan
incumbrance encumbrance
leger ledger
account_book ledger
book_of_account ledger
book ledger
journal daybook
accounting_entry entry
ledger_entry entry
credit_entry credit
debit_entry debit
accounting_system accounting
method_of_accounting accounting
profit_and_loss_account profit_and_loss
trade_balance balance_of_trade
visible_balance balance_of_trade
trade_gap balance_of_trade
carry-forward carry-over
offsetting_balance compensating_balance
balance_of_international_payments balance_of_payments
audit audited_account
limited_review review
travel_and_entertainment_account expense_account
paysheet payroll
paysheet payroll
economic_value value
passbook bankbook
chequebook checkbook
meal_plan hotel_plan
continental_plan european_plan
certificate security
stock stock_certificate
tax-exempt tax-exempt_security
bond_certificate bond
stock_warrant warrant
stock-purchase_warrant warrant
zero_coupon_security zero-coupon_security
convertible_security convertible
treasury_shares treasury_stock
reacquired_stock treasury_stock
over_the_counter_security unlisted_security
OTC_security unlisted_security
OTC_stock over_the_counter_stock
unlisted_stock over_the_counter_stock
pin_money pocket_money
spending_money pocket_money
cold_cash ready_cash
ready_money ready_cash
sight_bill sight_draft
time_bill time_draft
attrition abrasion
corrasion abrasion
detrition abrasion
soaking_up absorption
acclimatisation acclimatization
acclimation acclimatization
accumulation accretion
acid-base_balance acid-base_equilibrium
adaption adaptation
adjustment adaptation
business_data_processing administrative_data_processing
surface_assimilation adsorption
agenesia agenesis
agglutinating_activity agglutination
ageing aging
senescence aging
alternative_birthing alternative_birth
Americanisation americanization
constructive_metabolism anabolism
anamorphism anamorphosis
androgeny androgenesis
Anglicisation anglicization
anthropogeny anthropogenesis
asepsis antisepsis
apheresis aphaeresis
agamogenesis asexual_reproduction
absorption assimilation
absorption assimilation
self-digestion autolysis
ADP automatic_data_processing
autotypy autotype
off-line_operation auxiliary_operation
backgrounding background_processing
BMR basal_metabolic_rate
biogenesis biosynthesis
blazing blaze
blood_clotting blood_coagulation
bloom blooming
flowering blossoming
florescence blossoming
inflorescence blossoming
anthesis blossoming
efflorescence blossoming
blueing bluing
body_process bodily_process
bodily_function bodily_process
activity bodily_process
binary_operation boolean_operation
binary_arithmetic_operation boolean_operation
movement bowel_movement
bm bowel_movement
Bradley_method bradley_method_of_childbirth
incubation brooding
carbonisation carbonization
katabolism catabolism
dissimilation catabolism
destructive_metabolism catabolism
contact_action catalysis
caries cavity
dental_caries cavity
tooth_decay cavity
cellular_division cell_division
kenogenesis cenogenesis
caenogenesis cenogenesis
cainogenesis cenogenesis
kainogenesis cenogenesis
equilibrium chemical_equilibrium
chemical_change chemical_process
chemical_action chemical_process
reaction chemical_reaction
chemosorption chemisorption
childbearing childbirth
accouchement childbirth
vaginal_birth childbirth
civilisation civilization
segmentation cleavage
global_climate_change climate_change
clouding_up clouding
burning combustion
machine_operation computer_operation
congelation congealment
economic_consumption consumption
usance consumption
use consumption
use_of_goods_and_services consumption
control_function control_operation
recuperation convalescence
recovery convalescence
chilling cooling
temperature_reduction cooling
corroding corrosion
erosion corrosion
crossover crossing_over
clotting curdling
coagulation curdling
cytogeny cytogenesis
deaminization deamination
decline decay
radioactive_decay decay
disintegration decay
decentalisation decentralization
diminution decline
decoction_mashing decoction_process
rot decomposition
rotting decomposition
putrefaction decomposition
decomposition_reaction decomposition
chemical_decomposition_reaction decomposition
decrement decrease
laxation defecation
shitting defecation
defense_reaction defense_mechanism
defence_mechanism defense_mechanism
defence_reaction defense_mechanism
defense defense_mechanism
defence defense_mechanism
devolution degeneration
desiccation dehydration
drying_up dehydration
evaporation dehydration
demagnetisation demagnetization
demineralisation demineralization
de-Nazification denazification
deposit deposition
desalinization desalination
desalinisation desalination
desensitisation desensitization
de-Stalinization destalinization
destalinisation destalinization
de-Stalinisation destalinization
decline_in_quality deterioration
declension deterioration
worsening deterioration
developing development
evolution development
ruin dilapidation
emission discharge
expelling discharge
displacement_reaction displacement
disintegration dissolution
dissolution dissolving
distillment distillation
remote-access_data_processing distributed_data_processing
teleprocessing distributed_data_processing
double_decomposition_reaction double_decomposition
metathesis double_decomposition
dry_plate_process dry_plate
ebbing ebb
wane ebb
EDP electronic_data_processing
cataphoresis electrophoresis
dielectrolysis electrophoresis
ionophoresis electrophoresis
evacuation elimination
excretion elimination
excreting elimination
voiding elimination
eclipsis ellipsis
urinary_incontinence enuresis
eroding erosion
eating_away erosion
wearing erosion
wearing_away erosion
ecesis establishment
Europeanisation europeanization
organic_evolution evolution
phylogeny evolution
phylogenesis evolution
instruction_execution execution
exponential_return exponential_decay
farrowing farrow
feminisation feminization
suppuration festering
maturation festering
flame fire
flaming fire
nuclear_fission fission
flop floating-point_operation
focalisation focalization
folding fold
leafing foliation
foregrounding foreground_processing
fossilisation fossilization
fractional_process fractionation
freezing freeze
lyophilization freeze-drying
lyophilisation freeze-drying
icing frost
nuclear_fusion fusion
nuclear_fusion_reaction fusion
galvanisation galvanization
geologic_process geological_process
sprouting germination
globalisation globalization
growing growth
maturation growth
development growth
ontogeny growth
ontogenesis growth
Haber-Bosch_process haber_process
solidifying hardening
solidification hardening
set hardening
curing hardening
hatching hatch
warming heating
haemagglutination hemagglutination
haematochezia hematochezia
haematopoiesis hematopoiesis
hemopoiesis hematopoiesis
haemopoiesis hematopoiesis
hemogenesis hematopoiesis
haemogenesis hematopoiesis
hematogenesis hematopoiesis
haematogenesis hematopoiesis
sanguification hematopoiesis
hemimetabolism hemimetamorphosis
hemimetaboly hemimetamorphosis
heterometaboly heterometabolism
haemolysis hemolysis
hematolysis hemolysis
haematolysis hemolysis
holometaboly holometabolism
hyperidrosis hyperhidrosis
polyhidrosis hyperhidrosis
epistasis hypostasis
idealisation idealization
nidation implantation
saturation impregnation
incontinency incontinence
increment increase
growth increase
encrustation incrustation
rising_prices inflation
influx inflow
inpour inpouring
inrush inpouring
IDP integrated_data_processing
intellectualisation intellectualization
intumescency intumescence
swelling intumescence
introversion invagination
intussusception invagination
infolding invagination
ionisation ionization
looping iteration
loop iteration
keratinisation keratinization
Krebs_citric_acid_cycle krebs_cycle
citric_acid_cycle krebs_cycle
tricarboxylic_acid_cycle krebs_cycle
lachrymation lacrimation
tearing lacrimation
watering lacrimation
Lamaze_method lamaze_method_of_childbirth
egg_laying laying
leaching leach
wetting leak
making_water leak
passing_water leak
Leboyer_method leboyer_method_of_childbirth
lexicalisation lexicalization
logical_operation logic_operation
lysogenisation lysogenization
magnetisation magnetization
magnetic_induction magnetization
marginalisation marginalization
Markoff_chain markov_chain
Markoff_process markov_process
masculinisation masculinization
virilization masculinization
virilisation masculinization
materialisation materialization
ripening maturation
maturement maturation
chemical_mechanism mechanism
miosis meiosis
reduction_division meiosis
nuclear_meltdown meltdown
hypermenorrhea menorrhagia
menses menstruation
menstruum menstruation
catamenia menstruation
period menstruation
flow menstruation
metabolic_process metabolism
metabolism metamorphosis
urination micturition
mold mildew
mould mildew
mineral_processing mineral_extraction
mineral_dressing mineral_extraction
ore_processing mineral_extraction
ore_dressing mineral_extraction
beneficiation mineral_extraction
molting molt
moult molt
moulting molt
ecdysis molt
unary_operation monadic_operation
sporulation monogenesis
parallel_processing multiprocessing
concurrent_execution multiprogramming
myelinisation myelinization
natural_action natural_process
action natural_process
activity natural_process
neutralisation neutralization
neutralization_reaction neutralization
neutralisation_reaction neutralization
nycturia nocturia
deletion omission
functioning operation
performance operation
opsonisation opsonization
biological_process organic_process
effluence outflow
efflux outflow
oxidization oxidation
oxidisation oxidation
oxidoreduction oxidation-reduction
redox oxidation-reduction
pair_creation pair_production
pair_formation pair_production
recapitulation palingenesis
carrier_electrophoresis paper_electrophoresis
simultaneous_operation parallel_operation
parthenogeny parthenogenesis
parthenogeny parthenogenesis
virgin_birth parthenogenesis
birth parturition
giving_birth parturition
birthing parturition
pathological_process pathologic_process
pee peeing
pissing peeing
piss peeing
peptisation peptization
infiltration percolation
vermiculation peristalsis
pervasion permeation
suffusion permeation
sweating perspiration
diaphoresis perspiration
sudation perspiration
hidrosis perspiration
petrification petrifaction
phase_transition phase_change
state_change phase_change
physical_change phase_change
photoplate_making photomechanics
roughness pitting
indentation pitting
polymerisation polymerization
regeneration positive_feedback
powder_method powder_photography
powder_technique powder_photography
professionalisation professionalization
gemmation pullulation
pyrochemistry pyrochemical_process
quellung_reaction quellung
radioactivity radiation
skiagraphy radiography
rationalisation rationalization
Read_method read_method_of_childbirth
real-time_operation real-time_processing
reducing reduction
replenishment refilling
replacement refilling
renewal refilling
refinement refining
purification refining
infrigidation refrigeration
relaxation_behavior relaxation
reabsorption resorption
re-uptake reuptake
aging ripening
ageing ripening
rusting rust
lookup search
secernment secretion
sensitisation sensitization
sequential_operation serial_operation
consecutive_operation serial_operation
amphimixis sexual_reproduction
defining shaping
sloughing shedding
dump shit
slack slump
drop-off slump
falloff slump
falling_off slump
smoking smoke
soakage soak
soaking soak
sorting sort
specialisation specialization
differentiation specialization
spoiling spoilage
Stalinisation stalinization
rigidifying stiffening
rigidification stiffening
ecological_succession succession
survival_of_the_fittest survival
natural_selection survival
selection survival
synaeresis syneresis
synaeresis syneresis
synergism synergy
synezesis synizesis
dentition teething
odontiasis teething
melt thaw
thawing thaw
melting thaw
thermal_emission thermionic_emission
folding protein_folding
flowering unfolding
conglutination union
urbanisation urbanization
urochezia urochesia
vaporisation vaporization
vapor vaporization
vapour vaporization
evaporation vaporization
vascularisation vascularization
vesication vesiculation
blistering vesiculation
vicious_cycle vicious_circle
vulcanisation vulcanization
wash washout
Westernisation westernization
broadening widening
zymolysis zymosis
fermentation zymosis
fermenting zymosis
ferment zymosis
fundamental_measure fundamental_quantity
metric system_of_measurement
English_system british_imperial_system
British_system british_imperial_system
cgs_system cgs
Systeme_International systeme_international_d'unites
SI_system systeme_international_d'unites
SI systeme_international_d'unites
SI_unit systeme_international_d'unites
International_System_of_Units systeme_international_d'unites
International_System systeme_international_d'unites
baud_rate baud
octane_rating octane_number
sufficiency enough
N normality
absolute_majority majority
relative_majority plurality
numerical_value absolute_value
unit unit_of_measurement
measuring_block measuring_unit
dioptre diopter
carat karat
kt karat
Avogadro_number avogadro's_number
coefficient_of_absorption absorption_coefficient
absorptance absorption_coefficient
coefficient_of_drag drag_coefficient
mutual_inductance coefficient_of_mutual_induction
self-inductance coefficient_of_self_induction
modulus_of_elasticity coefficient_of_elasticity
elastic_modulus coefficient_of_elasticity
expansivity coefficient_of_expansion
reflection_factor coefficient_of_reflection
reflectance coefficient_of_reflection
reflectivity coefficient_of_reflection
transmission transmittance
absolute_viscosity coefficient_of_viscosity
dynamic_viscosity coefficient_of_viscosity
weighting weight
universal_gas_constant gas_constant
R gas_constant
universal_gravitational_constant gravitational_constant
constant_of_gravitation gravitational_constant
G gravitational_constant
Hubble_constant hubble's_constant
Hubble's_parameter hubble's_constant
Hubble_parameter hubble's_constant
h planck's_constant
oxidation_state oxidation_number
headcount head_count
constant_of_proportionality factor_of_proportionality
prime_quantity prime
duck's_egg duck
ordinal ordinal_number
no. ordinal_number
number_one first
number_1 first
cardinal cardinal_number
radix base
absolute_frequency frequency
magnetisation magnetization
square_measure area_unit
capacity_unit volume_unit
capacity_measure volume_unit
cubage_unit volume_unit
cubic_measure volume_unit
cubic_content_unit volume_unit
displacement_unit volume_unit
cubature_unit volume_unit
cu_in cubic_inch
cu_ft cubic_foot
emu electromagnetic_unit
linear_measure linear_unit
metric metric_unit
MFLOP megaflop
million_floating_point_operations_per_second megaflop
trillion_floating_point_operations_per_second teraflop
million_instructions_per_second mips
weight weight_unit
heat_unit work_unit
energy_unit work_unit
arcdegree degree
arcsecond second
arcminute minute
minute_of_arc minute
rad radian
grade grad
sr steradian
sq_in square_inch
sq_ft square_foot
sq_yd square_yard
square_metre square_meter
centare square_meter
ar are
b barn
rod perch
pole perch
liquid_measure liquid_unit
dry_measure dry_unit
Imperial_capacity_unit british_capacity_unit
epha ephah
kor homer
fthm fathom
yard cubic_yard
fluid_dram fluidram
fluid_drachm fluidram
drachm fluidram
fluid_ounce fluidounce
gal gallon
bbl barrel
dry_pint pint
dry_quart quart
fluid_dram fluidram
fluid_drachm fluidram
drachm fluidram
fluid_ounce fluidounce
Imperial_gallon gallon
congius gallon
cubic_millimetre cubic_millimeter
millilitre milliliter
mil milliliter
ml milliliter
cubic_centimeter milliliter
cubic_centimetre milliliter
cc milliliter
centilitre centiliter
cl centiliter
decilitre deciliter
dl deciliter
litre liter
l liter
cubic_decimeter liter
cubic_decimetre liter
dekalitre dekaliter
decaliter dekaliter
decalitre dekaliter
dal dekaliter
dkl dekaliter
hectolitre hectoliter
hl hectoliter
kilolitre kiloliter
cubic_meter kiloliter
cubic_metre kiloliter
cubic_kilometre cubic_kilometer
parity parity_bit
check_bit parity_bit
nibble nybble
kibibyte kilobyte
K kilobyte
KB kilobyte
kB kilobyte
KiB kilobyte
K kilobyte
KB kilobyte
kB kilobyte
kbit kilobit
kb kilobit
kibit kibibit
mebibyte megabyte
M megabyte
MB megabyte
MiB megabyte
M megabyte
MB megabyte
Mbit megabit
Mb megabit
Mibit mebibit
gibibyte gigabyte
G gigabyte
GB gigabyte
GiB gigabyte
G gigabyte
GB gigabyte
Gbit gigabit
Gb gigabit
Gibit gibibit
tebibyte terabyte
TB terabyte
TiB terabyte
TB terabyte
Tbit terabit
Tb terabit
Tibit tebibit
pebibyte petabyte
PB petabyte
PiB petabyte
PB petabyte
Pbit petabit
Pb petabit
Pibit pebibit
exbibyte exabyte
EB exabyte
EiB exabyte
EB exabyte
Ebit exabit
Eb exabit
Eibit exbibit
zebibyte zettabyte
ZB zettabyte
ZiB zettabyte
ZB zettabyte
Zbit zettabit
Zb zettabit
Zibit zebibit
yobibyte yottabyte
YB yottabyte
YiB yottabyte
YB yottabyte
Ybit yottabit
Yb yottabit
Yibit yobibit
quantity_unit charge_unit
magnetic_flux_unit flux_unit
F farad
C coulomb
ampere-second coulomb
siemens mho
reciprocal_ohm mho
S mho
amp ampere
A ampere
mA milliampere
abamp abampere
international_ampere ampere
Mx maxwell
Wb weber
H henry
candlepower_unit luminous_intensity_unit
L lambert
lx lux
ft-L foot-lambert
lm lumen
candela candle
cd candle
standard_candle candle
Gb gilbert
Gi gilbert
mV millivolt
V volt
kV kilovolt
rydberg_constant rydberg
rydberg_unit rydberg
W watt
kW kilowatt
HP horsepower
H.P. horsepower
var volt-ampere
Ci curie
Gy gray
R roentgen
N newton
pdl poundal
lbf. pound
gee g
g-force g
in inch
ft foot
pace yard
rod perch
pole perch
statute_mile mile
stat_mi mile
land_mile mile
international_mile mile
mi mile
880_yards half_mile
440_yards quarter_mile
coss kos
cable_length cable
cable's_length cable
fingerbreadth finger
finger's_breadth finger
digit finger
peak extremum
handsbreadth handbreadth
mil mile
Swedish_mile mile
Roman_mile mile
light-year light_year
AU astronomical_unit
secpar parsec
femtometre femtometer
fermi femtometer
picometre picometer
micromicron picometer
angstrom_unit angstrom
A angstrom
nanometre nanometer
nm nanometer
millimicron nanometer
micromillimeter nanometer
micromillimetre nanometer
micrometer micron
millimetre millimeter
mm millimeter
centimetre centimeter
cm centimeter
decimetre decimeter
dm decimeter
metre meter
m meter
dekameter decameter
decametre decameter
dekametre decameter
dam decameter
dkm decameter
hectometre hectometer
hm hectometer
kilometre kilometer
km kilometer
klick kilometer
myriametre myriameter
mym myriameter
fthm fathom
mile nautical_mile
mi nautical_mile
naut_mi nautical_mile
knot nautical_mile
international_nautical_mile nautical_mile
air_mile nautical_mile
naut_mi nautical_mile
mile nautical_mile
mi nautical_mile
geographical_mile nautical_mile
Admiralty_mile nautical_mile
mile sea_mile
ha'p'orth halfpennyworth
penn'orth pennyworth
subunit fractional_monetary_unit
tical baht
Costa_Rican_colon colon
El_Salvadoran_colon colon
butat butut
dinar algerian_dinar
dinar bahrain_dinar
dinar iraqi_dinar
dinar jordanian_dinar
dinar kuwaiti_dinar
dirham kuwaiti_dirham
dinar libyan_dinar
dirham libyan_dirham
dinar tunisian_dinar
dirham tunisian_dirham
dinar yugoslavian_dinar
dirham moroccan_dirham
dirham united_arab_emirate_dirham
loonie canadian_dollar
Greek_drachma drachma
escudo cape_verde_escudo
escudo portuguese_escudo
Cote_d'Ivoire_franc ivory_coast_franc
gulden guilder
florin guilder
Dutch_florin guilder
gulden guilder
florin guilder
heller haler
heller haler
krona icelandic_krona
krona swedish_krona
krone danish_krone
krone norwegian_krone
kwacha malawi_kwacha
kwacha zambian_kwacha
qintar qindarka
Italian_lira lira
pound british_pound
British_pound_sterling british_pound
pound_sterling british_pound
quid british_pound
shilling british_shilling
bob british_shilling
Turkish_lira lira
piaster kurus
piastre kurus
German_mark mark
Deutsche_Mark mark
Deutschmark mark
Finnish_mark markka
Spanish_peseta peseta
peso chilean_peso
peso colombian_peso
peso cuban_peso
peso dominican_peso
peso guinea-bissau_peso
peso mexican_peso
peso philippine_peso
peso uruguayan_peso
pound cypriot_pound
pound egyptian_pound
piastre piaster
Irish_punt irish_pound
punt irish_pound
pound irish_pound
pound lebanese_pound
Maltese_lira lira
pound sudanese_pound
pound syrian_pound
rial iranian_rial
dinar iranian_dinar
Omani_rial riyal-omani
rial riyal-omani
baisa baiza
rial yemeni_rial
fils yemeni_fils
riyal qatari_riyal
dirham qatari_dirham
riyal saudi_arabian_riyal
rouble ruble
kopeck kopek
copeck kopek
rupee indian_rupee
rupee pakistani_rupee
rupee mauritian_rupee
rupee nepalese_rupee
rupee seychelles_rupee
rupee sri_lanka_rupee
Austrian_schilling schilling
shilling kenyan_shilling
shilling somalian_shilling
shilling tanzanian_shilling
shilling ugandan_shilling
tughrik tugrik
won north_korean_won
won south_korean_won
kwai yuan
atmosphere standard_atmosphere
atm standard_atmosphere
standard_pressure standard_atmosphere
Pa pascal
millimeter_of_mercury torr
mm_Hg torr
psi pounds_per_square_inch
bar_absolute barye
microbar barye
pica_em em
pica em
nut en
em_quad em
mutton_quad em
line agate_line
inch column_inch
lineage linage
B bel
dB decibel
degree_Celsius degree_centigrade
C degree_centigrade
F degree_fahrenheit
K kelvin
nucleon_number mass_number
weight system_of_weights
avoirdupois_weight avoirdupois
troy_weight troy
apothecaries'_weight apothecaries'_unit
weight_unit metric_weight_unit
cattie catty
oz. ounce
lb pound
cwt hundredweight
long_hundredweight hundredweight
cwt hundredweight
short_hundredweight hundredweight
centner hundredweight
cental hundredweight
quintal hundredweight
ton long_ton
gross_ton long_ton
ton short_ton
net_ton short_ton
drachm dram
drachma dram
troy_ounce ounce
apothecaries'_ounce ounce
apothecaries'_pound troy_pound
mcg microgram
mg milligram
ng nanogram
metric_grain grain
dg decigram
gramme gram
gm gram
g gram
gram-atomic_weight gram_atom
mole gram_molecule
mol gram_molecule
decagram dekagram
dkg dekagram
dag dekagram
hg hectogram
kg kilogram
kilo kilogram
myg myriagram
metric_hundredweight hundredweight
doppelzentner hundredweight
centner hundredweight
MT metric_ton
tonne metric_ton
t metric_ton
eV electron_volt
J joule
watt_second joule
gram_calorie calorie
small_calorie calorie
kilogram_calorie calorie
kilocalorie calorie
large_calorie calorie
nutritionist's_calorie calorie
BTU british_thermal_unit
B.Th.U. british_thermal_unit
kW-hr kilowatt_hour
Board_of_Trade_unit kilowatt_hour
B.T.U. kilowatt_hour
whole_number integer
difference remainder
complex_quantity complex_number
imaginary_number complex_number
imaginary complex_number
real real_number
imaginary_part_of_a_complex_number imaginary_part
rational rational_number
irrational irrational_number
second_power square
third_power cube
biquadratic biquadrate
quartic biquadrate
fourth_power biquadrate
simple_fraction common_fraction
factor divisor
multiplier_factor multiplier
aliquot_part aliquot
aliquant_part aliquant
common_factor common_divisor
common_measure common_divisor
greatest_common_factor greatest_common_divisor
highest_common_factor greatest_common_divisor
compound_fraction complex_fraction
decimal decimal_fraction
recurring_decimal circulating_decimal
repeating_decimal circulating_decimal
half one-half
mediety moiety
third one-third
tierce one-third
fourth one-fourth
one-quarter one-fourth
quarter one-fourth
fourth_part one-fourth
twenty-five_percent one-fourth
quartern one-fourth
three-quarters three-fourths
fifth one-fifth
fifth_part one-fifth
twenty_percent one-fifth
sixth one-sixth
seventh one-seventh
eighth one-eighth
ninth one-ninth
tenth one-tenth
tenth_part one-tenth
ten_percent one-tenth
twelfth one-twelfth
twelfth_part one-twelfth
duodecimal one-twelfth
sixteenth one-sixteenth
sixteenth_part one-sixteenth
thirty-second one-thirty-second
thirty-second_part one-thirty-second
sixtieth one-sixtieth
sixty-fourth one-sixty-fourth
hundredth one-hundredth
one_percent one-hundredth
thousandth one-thousandth
ten-thousandth one-ten-thousandth
millionth one-millionth
billionth one-billionth
trillionth one-trillionth
quadrillionth one-quadrillionth
quintillionth one-quintillionth
nil nothing
nix nothing
nada nothing
null nothing
aught nothing
cipher nothing
cypher nothing
goose_egg nothing
naught nothing
zero nothing
zilch nothing
zip nothing
zippo nothing
fuck_all bugger_all
Fanny_Adams bugger_all
sweet_Fanny_Adams bugger_all
figure digit
significant_figure significant_digit
0 zero
nought zero
cipher zero
cypher zero
1 one
I one
ace one
single one
unity one
monas monad
fellow mate
2 two
II two
deuce two
snake_eyes craps
pair couple
twosome couple
twain couple
brace couple
span couple
yoke couple
couplet couple
distich couple
duo couple
duet couple
dyad couple
duad couple
3 three
III three
trio three
threesome three
tierce three
leash three
troika three
triad three
trine three
trinity three
ternary three
ternion three
triplet three
tercet three
terzetto three
trey three
deuce-ace three
4 four
IV four
tetrad four
quatern four
quaternion four
quaternary four
quaternity four
quartet four
quadruplet four
foursome four
Little_Joe four
5 five
V five
cinque five
quint five
quintet five
fivesome five
quintuplet five
pentad five
fin five
Phoebe five
Little_Phoebe five
6 six
VI six
sixer six
sise six
Captain_Hicks six
half_a_dozen six
sextet six
sestet six
sextuplet six
hexad six
7 seven
VII seven
sevener seven
heptad seven
septet seven
septenary seven
8 eight
VIII eight
eighter eight
eighter_from_Decatur eight
octad eight
ogdoad eight
octonary eight
octet eight
9 nine
IX nine
niner nine
Nina_from_Carolina nine
ennead nine
10 ten
X ten
tenner ten
decade ten
11 eleven
XI eleven
12 twelve
XII twelve
dozen twelve
13 thirteen
XIII thirteen
baker's_dozen thirteen
long_dozen thirteen
14 fourteen
XIV fourteen
15 fifteen
XV fifteen
16 sixteen
XVI sixteen
17 seventeen
XVII seventeen
18 eighteen
XVIII eighteen
19 nineteen
XIX nineteen
20 twenty
XX twenty
21 twenty-one
XXI twenty-one
22 twenty-two
XXII twenty-two
23 twenty-three
XXIII twenty-three
24 twenty-four
XXIV twenty-four
two_dozen twenty-four
25 twenty-five
XXV twenty-five
26 twenty-six
XXVI twenty-six
27 twenty-seven
XXVII twenty-seven
28 twenty-eight
XXVIII twenty-eight
29 twenty-nine
XXIX twenty-nine
30 thirty
XXX thirty
40 forty
XL forty
50 fifty
L fifty
60 sixty
LX sixty
70 seventy
LXX seventy
78 seventy-eight
LXXVIII seventy-eight
80 eighty
LXXX eighty
fourscore eighty
90 ninety
XC ninety
100 hundred
C hundred
century hundred
one_C hundred
144 gross
great_hundred long_hundred
120 long_hundred
500 five_hundred
D five_hundred
one_thousand thousand
1000 thousand
M thousand
K thousand
chiliad thousand
G thousand
grand thousand
thou thousand
yard thousand
1728 great_gross
10000 ten_thousand
myriad ten_thousand
100000 hundred_thousand
lakh hundred_thousand
1000000 million
one_thousand_thousand million
meg million
one_thousand_million billion
1000000000 billion
one_million_million billion
1000000000000 billion
one_million_million trillion
1000000000000 trillion
one_million_million_million trillion
aleph-nought aleph-null
aleph-zero aleph-null
increase addition
gain addition
haul catch
fudge_factor correction
pace footstep
step footstep
stride footstep
large_indefinite_amount large_indefinite_quantity
limitation limit
limit_point limit
point_of_accumulation limit
yield output
production output
neighborhood region
pick picking
small_indefinite_amount small_indefinite_quantity
splash dab
splatter dab
bit spot
hairsbreadth hair's-breadth
hair hair's-breadth
whisker hair's-breadth
sprinkling scattering
shoe_string shoestring
spraying spray
stone's_throw step
shtick shtik
schtik shtik
schtick shtik
shtickl shtikl
schtikl shtikl
schtickl shtikl
shade tad
lower_limit minimum
bagful bag
barrelful barrel
barrowful barrow
basinful basin
basketful basket
binful bin
bottleful bottle
bowlful bowl
boxful box
bucketful bucket
canful can
cartonful carton
caseful case
caskful cask
crateful crate
cupful cup
dishful dish
dustpanful dustpan
flaskful flask
glassful glass
fistful handful
jarful jar
jugful jug
kegful keg
kettleful kettle
mugful mug
pailful pail
pitcherful pitcher
plateful plate
potful pot
sackful sack
scoopful scoop
shovelful shovel
spadeful shovel
spoonful spoon
tablespoonful tablespoon
dessertspoonful dessertspoon
tankful tank
teacupful teacup
teaspoonful teaspoon
thimbleful thimble
tubful tub
smattering handful
drib drop
driblet drop
eye-drop eyedrop
dosage dose
loading load
doodly-squat jack
diddly-squat jack
diddlysquat jack
diddly-shit jack
diddlyshit jack
diddly jack
diddley jack
squat jack
shit jack
shot nip
hint trace
suggestion trace
scintilla shred
whit shred
iota shred
tittle shred
smidgen shred
smidgeon shred
smidgin shred
smidge shred
hint touch
tinge touch
mite touch
pinch touch
jot touch
speck touch
soupcon touch
deal batch
flock batch
good_deal batch
great_deal batch
hatful batch
heap batch
lot batch
mass batch
mess batch
mickle batch
mint batch
mountain batch
muckle batch
passel batch
peck batch
pile batch
plenty batch
pot batch
quite_a_little batch
raft batch
sight batch
slew batch
spate batch
stack batch
tidy_sum batch
wad batch
large_number battalion
multitude battalion
plurality battalion
pack battalion
billyoh billyo
billy-ho billyo
all_get_out billyo
shipload boatload
carload boatload
inundation flood
deluge flood
torrent flood
upper_limit maximum
billion million
trillion million
zillion million
jillion million
gazillion million
sea ocean
dozens tons
heaps tons
lots tons
piles tons
scores tons
stacks tons
loads tons
rafts tons
slews tons
wads tons
oodles tons
gobs tons
scads tons
lashings tons
way room
elbow_room room
breathing_space breathing_room
headway headroom
clearance headroom
lebensraum living_space
content capacity
s.t.p. stp
dealings relations
human_relationship relationship
personal_relationship personal_relation
indebtedness obligation
mathematical_function function
single-valued_function function
map function
mapping function
metric metric_function
identity_element identity
identity_operator identity
circular_function trigonometric_function
sin sine
arcsine arc_sine
arcsin arc_sine
inverse_sine arc_sine
cos cosine
arccosine arc_cosine
arccos arc_cosine
inverse_cosine arc_cosine
tan tangent
arctangent arc_tangent
arctan arc_tangent
inverse_tangent arc_tangent
cotan cotangent
arccotangent arc_cotangent
inverse_cotangent arc_cotangent
sec secant
arcsecant arc_secant
arcsec arc_secant
inverse_secant arc_secant
cosec cosecant
arccosecant arc_cosecant
inverse_cosecant arc_cosecant
exponential_function exponential
basis footing
ground footing
connexion connection
connectedness connection
bond alliance
nexus link
comprehension inclusion
relevancy relevance
pertinence applicability
pertinency applicability
irrelevancy irrelevance
concord agreement
transitiveness transitivity
intransitiveness intransitivity
reflexiveness reflexivity
reflexiveness reflexivity
qualifying modification
limiting modification
mode mood
modality mood
indicative indicative_mood
declarative_mood indicative_mood
declarative indicative_mood
common_mood indicative_mood
fact_mood indicative_mood
subjunctive subjunctive_mood
optative optative_mood
imperative imperative_mood
jussive_mood imperative_mood
imperative_form imperative_mood
interrogative interrogative_mood
mode modality
active active_voice
passive passive_voice
inflexion inflection
pluralisation pluralization
perfective_aspect perfective
imperfective_aspect imperfective
durative_aspect durative
inchoative_aspect inchoative
iterative_aspect iterative
progressive_tense progressive
imperfect progressive
imperfect_tense progressive
continuous_tense progressive
present_progressive_tense present_progressive
perfective_tense perfective
perfect perfective
perfect_tense perfective
present_perfect_tense present_perfect
preterite preterit
past_perfect_tense past_perfect
pluperfect past_perfect
pluperfect_tense past_perfect
past_progressive_tense past_progressive
future_perfect_tense future_perfect
future_progressive_tense future_progressive
subordination hyponymy
superordination hypernymy
synonymity synonymy
synonymousness synonymy
whole_to_part_relation holonymy
part_to_whole_relation meronymy
portion part
component_part part
component part
constituent part
base basis
particular detail
item detail
high_spot highlight
balance remainder
residual remainder
residue remainder
residuum remainder
rest remainder
remnant leftover
kinship affinity
resonance rapport
mutual_affection mutual_understanding
phylogenetic_relation affinity
family_relationship kinship
relationship kinship
line_of_descent descent
lineage descent
filiation descent
blood_kinship consanguinity
cognation consanguinity
birth parentage
paternity fatherhood
maternity motherhood
sistership sisterhood
enation matrilineage
cognation matrilineage
agnation patrilineage
marital_bed marital_relationship
quantitative_relation magnitude_relation
ratio proportion
case-to-infection_ratio case-to-infection_proportion
golden_mean golden_section
correspondence commensurateness
proportionateness commensurateness
percent percentage
per_centum percentage
pct percentage
hitting_average batting_average
reflective_power albedo
breadth_index cephalic_index
cranial_index cephalic_index
f_number focal_ratio
stop_number focal_ratio
speed focal_ratio
relative_frequency frequency
haematocrit hematocrit
packed_cell_volume hematocrit
IQ intelligence_quotient
I.Q. intelligence_quotient
fuel_consumption_rate mileage
gasoline_mileage mileage
gas_mileage mileage
betting_odds odds
magnitude order_of_magnitude
P/E_ratio price-to-earnings_ratio
index_of_refraction refractive_index
factor_of_safety safety_factor
signal-to-noise signal-to-noise_ratio
signal/noise_ratio signal-to-noise_ratio
signal/noise signal-to-noise_ratio
S/N signal-to-noise_ratio
turnover_rate employee_turnover
turnover employee_turnover
relative_incidence incidence
perpendicularity orthogonality
orthogonal_opposition orthogonality
antipodal_opposition antipodal
diametrical_opposition antipodal
mirror-image_relation enantiomorphism
windward_side to_windward
weatherboard to_windward
weather_side to_windward
leeward_side to_leeward
point compass_point
due_north north
northward north
N north
NbE north_by_east
magnetic_north north
compass_north north
nor'-nor'-east north_northeast
NNE north_northeast
NEbN northeast_by_north
nor'-east northeast
northeastward northeast
NE northeast
NEbE northeast_by_east
ENE east_northeast
EbN east_by_north
due_east east
eastward east
E east
EbS east_by_south
ESE east_southeast
SEbE southeast_by_east
sou'-east southeast
southeastward southeast
SE southeast
SEbS southeast_by_south
sou'-sou'-east south_southeast
SSE south_southeast
SbE south_by_east
due_south south
southward south
S south
SbW south_by_west
sou'-sou'-west south_southwest
SSW south_southwest
SWbS southwest_by_south
sou'-west southwest
southwestward southwest
SW southwest
SWbW southwest_by_west
WSW west_southwest
WbS west_by_south
due_west west
westward west
W west
WbN west_by_north
WNW west_northwest
NWbW northwest_by_west
nor'-west northwest
northwestward northwest
NW northwest
NWbN northwest_by_north
nor'-nor'-west north_northwest
NNW north_northwest
NbW north_by_west
EL elevation
altitude elevation
ALT elevation
price_competition price_war
attorney-client_relation lawyer-client_relation
political_relation politics
interpersonal_chemistry chemistry
alchemy chemistry
reciprocity reciprocality
correlativity correlation
interdependence mutuality
interdependency mutuality
mutualism symbiosis
reciprocal multiplicative_inverse
mutualness mutuality
interrelationship interrelation
interrelatedness interrelation
forerunner antecedent
synchrony synchronism
synchronicity synchronism
synchroneity synchronism
synchronization synchronism
synchronisation synchronism
synchronizing synchronism
asynchrony asynchronism
desynchronization asynchronism
desynchronisation asynchronism
desynchronizing asynchronism
number_one first
scale_of_measurement scale
graduated_table scale
ordered_series scale
wind_scale beaufort_scale
international_scale celsius_scale
centigrade_scale celsius_scale
absolute_scale kelvin_scale
wage_schedule wage_scale
standard_of_measurement gauge
oppositeness opposition
direct_contrast contrast
polarity mutual_opposition
sign polarity
positiveness positivity
negativeness negativity
mutual_exclusiveness incompatibility
inconsistency incompatibility
repugnance incompatibility
contrary reverse
opposite reverse
opposite inverse
logical_implication implication
conditional_relation implication
sheet plane
midline midplane
leaf_form leaf_shape
flair flare
two-dimensional_figure plane_figure
three-dimensional_figure solid_figure
convexity convex_shape
angularity angular_shape
concavity concave_shape
incurvation concave_shape
incurvature concave_shape
conglobation conglomeration
polygonal_shape polygon
reentering_polygon reentrant_polygon
distortion distorted_shape
curved_shape curve
Jordan_curve simple_closed_curve
undulation wave
crook bend
twist bend
turn bend
crotchet hook
geodesic_line geodesic
connexion connection
link connection
center_line centerline
fossa pit
recession recess
niche recess
corner recess
conoid cone
cone_shape cone
funnel_shape funnel
conic conic_section
hemicycle semicircle
crenation scallop
crenature scallop
crenel scallop
crenelle scallop
disc disk
saucer disk
halo ring
annulus ring
doughnut ring
anchor_ring ring
whorl coil
roll coil
curl coil
curlicue coil
ringlet coil
gyre coil
scroll coil
spiral helix
twist kink
twirl kink
swirl whirl
vortex whirl
convolution whirl
oval ellipse
foursquare square
quadrangle quadrilateral
tetragon quadrilateral
trigon triangle
trilateral triangle
acute-angled_triangle acute_triangle
equiangular_triangle equilateral_triangle
obtuse-angled_triangle obtuse_triangle
right-angled_triangle right_triangle
pentagram pentacle
pentangle pentacle
rhomb rhombus
diamond rhombus
parallelopiped parallelepiped
parallelepipedon parallelepiped
parallelopipedon parallelepiped
sinuousness sinuosity
tortuousness tortuosity
torsion tortuosity
contortion tortuosity
crookedness tortuosity
buckle warp
gnarl knot
bell_shape bell
campana bell
forking furcation
zig zigzag
zag zigzag
HA hour_angle
angle_of_inclination inclination
inclination_of_an_orbit inclination
reentering_angle reentrant_angle
internal_angle interior_angle
external_angle exterior_angle
incidence_angle angle_of_incidence
extinction_angle angle_of_extinction
round_angle perigon
angle_of_dip dip
magnetic_dip dip
magnetic_inclination dip
inclination dip
magnetic_variation magnetic_declination
variation magnetic_declination
AZ azimuth
trough bowl
channel groove
pocket scoop
bump bulge
hump bulge
swelling bulge
gibbosity bulge
gibbousness bulge
jut bulge
prominence bulge
protuberance bulge
protrusion bulge
extrusion bulge
excrescence bulge
nubble nub
knob node
thickening node
arc bow
impression depression
imprint depression
equilibrium balance
equipoise balance
counterbalance balance
proportion symmetry
ellipsoid_of_revolution spheroid
globe ball
orb ball
toroid torus
tower column
pillar column
drum barrel
tube pipe
bead drop
pearl drop
tip point
peak point
quadric_surface quadric
edge boundary
bound boundary
border margin
perimeter margin
fringe periphery
outer_boundary periphery
threshold brink
verge brink
bias diagonal
scratch incision
prick incision
slit incision
dent incision
incisura incisure
scotch score
droop sag
furrow wrinkle
crease wrinkle
crinkle wrinkle
seam wrinkle
line wrinkle
crow's_feet crow's_foot
laugh_line crow's_foot
life_line line_of_life
lifeline line_of_life
heart_line line_of_heart
love_line line_of_heart
mensal_line line_of_heart
line_of_destiny line_of_fate
line_of_Saturn line_of_fate
cranny crevice
crack crevice
fissure crevice
chap crevice
crease fold
plication fold
flexure fold
crimp fold
bend fold
ruck pucker
indenture indentation
striation stria
line_roulette roulette
sinusoid sine_curve
vacancy void
emptiness void
vacuum void
join articulation
joint articulation
juncture articulation
junction articulation
enclosed_space cavity
dot point
tree_diagram tree
spine spur
acantha spur
bottleneck constriction
chokepoint constriction
mold cast
mould cast
stamp cast
leg branch
ramification branch
crotch fork
sac pouch
sack pouch
pocket pouch
cube block
regular_convex_solid regular_polyhedron
regular_convex_polyhedron regular_polyhedron
Platonic_body regular_polyhedron
Platonic_solid regular_polyhedron
ideal_solid regular_polyhedron
regular_hexahedron cube
tail_end tail
knife tongue
angle_of_view view_angle
wedge_shape wedge
cuneus wedge
status condition
ecological_niche niche
involvement participation
regularisation regularization
position situation
shoes place
stymy stymie
state_of_affairs situation
the_absurd absurd
business_relationship account
companionship company
fellowship company
society company
trust confidence
acquaintanceship acquaintance
association affiliation
tie affiliation
tie-up affiliation
friendly_relationship friendship
romance love_affair
affaire affair
intimacy affair
liaison affair
involvement affair
amour affair
new_ballgame ballgame
fish_bowl goldfish_bowl
fishbowl goldfish_bowl
hornets'_nest hornet's_nest
how-d'ye-do how-do-you-do
embroilment imbroglio
incubus nightmare
strait pass
straits pass
scene picture
prison_house prison
size_of_it size
standardisation standardization
astigmia astigmatism
social_stratification stratification
natural_state wild
state_of_nature wild
level degree
stage degree
point degree
height acme
elevation acme
peak acme
pinnacle acme
summit acme
superlative acme
meridian acme
tiptop acme
top acme
end_point resultant
standard_of_life standard_of_living
ultimateness ultimacy
case event
ticking_bomb time_bomb
over-crowding congestion
power office
position status
equivalence equality
equation equality
par equality
egalite egality
social_status social_station
social_rank social_station
rank social_station
station place
centre_stage center_stage
title championship
senior_status seniority
higher_status seniority
higher_rank seniority
precedency precedence
priority precedence
transcendency transcendence
superiority transcendence
Order holy_order
lowness low_status
lowliness low_status
lower_status inferiority
lower_rank inferiority
subsidiarity subordinateness
handmaiden handmaid
servant handmaid
subservientness subservience
villainage villeinage
illegitimacy bastardy
bar_sinister bastardy
terms footing
beingness being
existence being
realness reality
realism reality
the_true truth
verity truth
trueness truth
timelessness eternity
timeless_existence eternity
life_eternal eternal_life
immanency immanence
inherency inherence
ubiquitousness ubiquity
omnipresence ubiquity
nonentity nonexistence
irreality unreality
falseness falsity
life animation
living animation
aliveness animation
endurance survival
eternal_rest rest
sleep rest
eternal_sleep rest
quietus rest
defunctness extinction
transcendency transcendence
matrimony marriage
union marriage
spousal_relationship marriage
wedlock marriage
intermarriage endogamy
inmarriage endogamy
intermarriage exogamy
monogamousness monogamy
employ employment
polity civil_order
tranquility tranquillity
quiet tranquillity
concord harmony
concordance harmony
peacefulness peaceableness
cease-fire armistice
truce armistice
accord agreement
community_of_interests community
meeting_of_minds concurrence
lawlessness anarchy
haematocytopenia hematocytopenia
demoralisation demoralization
pandemonium chaos
bedlam chaos
topsy-turvydom chaos
topsy-turvyness chaos
shemozzle schemozzle
riot rioting
rowdyism rowdiness
roughness rowdiness
disorderliness rowdiness
disruption disturbance
commotion disturbance
flutter disturbance
hurly_burly disturbance
to-do disturbance
hoo-ha disturbance
hoo-hah disturbance
kerfuffle disturbance
turmoil convulsion
upheaval convulsion
splash stir
tempest storm
storm_centre storm_center
tumultuousness tumult
uproar tumult
garboil tumult
strife discord
upheaval turbulence
Sturm_und_Drang turbulence
ferment agitation
fermentation agitation
tempestuousness agitation
unrest agitation
enmity hostility
antagonism hostility
tension latent_hostility
friction clash
state_of_war war
dissension disagreement
dissonance disagreement
lighting light
darkness dark
lightlessness total_darkness
blackness total_darkness
pitch_blackness total_darkness
black total_darkness
brownout blackout
dimout blackout
overcast cloudiness
shadiness shade
shadowiness shade
duskiness dimness
somberness gloom
sombreness gloom
obscureness obscurity
spirit emotional_state
rapture ecstasy
transport ecstasy
exaltation ecstasy
raptus ecstasy
satisfaction gratification
felicity happiness
beatitude blessedness
beatification blessedness
blissfulness bliss
cloud_nine bliss
seventh_heaven bliss
walking_on_air bliss
rapture ecstasy
enlightenment nirvana
sorrow sadness
sorrowfulness sadness
bereavement mourning
poignancy poignance
inculpability blamelessness
inculpableness blamelessness
guiltlessness blamelessness
pureness purity
sinlessness purity
innocence purity
whiteness purity
guiltiness guilt
culpability blameworthiness
culpableness blameworthiness
criminality criminalism
criminalness criminalism
indictability impeachability
liberty autonomy
self-determination self-government
self-rule self-government
autarchy autarky
blank_check free_hand
play free_rein
independency independence
licence license
licence license
political_liberty civil_liberty
subjection subjugation
captivity enslavement
slavery bondage
thrall bondage
thralldom bondage
thraldom bondage
serfhood serfdom
vassalage serfdom
restraint constraint
imprisonment captivity
incarceration captivity
immurement captivity
detainment detention
hold detention
custody detention
solitary solitary_confinement
delegacy representation
agency representation
self-direction autonomy
self-reliance autonomy
self-sufficiency autonomy
dependance dependence
dependency dependence
polarisation polarization
instability imbalance
unbalance imbalance
shakiness shaking
trembling shaking
quiver shaking
quivering shaking
vibration shaking
palpitation shaking
flow stream
stillness motionlessness
lifelessness motionlessness
immobility stationariness
fixedness stationariness
non-issue dead_letter
activity action
activeness action
hum busyness
behaviour behavior
eructation eruption
extravasation eruption
inactivity inaction
inactiveness inaction
suspension abeyance
check arrest
halt arrest
hitch arrest
stay arrest
stop arrest
stoppage arrest
quiescence dormancy
quiescency dormancy
stagnancy stagnation
doldrums stagnation
stagnancy stagnation
recess deferral
stand-down standdown
aestivation estivation
torpidity torpor
lassitude lethargy
sluggishness lethargy
dead_end deadlock
impasse deadlock
stalemate deadlock
standstill deadlock
frame_of_mind state_of_mind
weariness fatigue
tiredness fatigue
asthenopia eyestrain
brain-fag mental_exhaustion
logginess loginess
inebriation drunkenness
inebriety drunkenness
intoxication drunkenness
tipsiness drunkenness
insobriety drunkenness
sobriety soberness
acephaly acephalia
acephalism acephalia
diabetic_acidosis ketoacidosis
carbon_dioxide_acidosis respiratory_acidosis
alkaluria alkalinuria
acromikria acromicria
agalactosis agalactia
anchylosis ankylosis
anorchidism anorchism
anorchia anorchism
sleeplessness wakefulness
anaesthesia anesthesia
anhydrosis anhidrosis
arteriectasia arteriectasis
asynergia asynergy
cardiac_arrest asystole
cardiopulmonary_arrest asystole
slumber sleep
pavor_nocturnus sleep_terror_disorder
nonrapid_eye_movement_sleep orthodox_sleep
NREM_sleep orthodox_sleep
nonrapid_eye_movement orthodox_sleep
NREM orthodox_sleep
rapid_eye_movement_sleep paradoxical_sleep
REM_sleep paradoxical_sleep
rapid_eye_movement paradoxical_sleep
REM paradoxical_sleep
sopor sleep
aboulia abulia
depersonalisation depersonalization
cryoanaesthesia cryoanesthesia
general_anaesthesia general_anesthesia
local_anaesthesia local_anesthesia
conduction_anaesthesia conduction_anesthesia
nerve_block_anesthesia conduction_anesthesia
nerve_block_anaesthesia conduction_anesthesia
block_anesthesia conduction_anesthesia
block_anaesthesia conduction_anesthesia
regional_anaesthesia regional_anesthesia
topical_anaesthesia topical_anesthesia
acroanaesthesia acroanesthesia
caudal_anaesthesia caudal_anesthesia
caudal_block caudal_anesthesia
epidural_anaesthesia epidural_anesthesia
epidural epidural_anesthesia
spinal_anaesthesia spinal_anesthesia
spinal spinal_anesthesia
saddle_block_anaesthesia saddle_block_anesthesia
drowsiness sleepiness
somnolence sleepiness
oscitance oscitancy
imminency imminence
imminentness imminence
impendence imminence
impendency imminence
forthcomingness imminence
preparedness readiness
preparation readiness
qui_vive alert
critical_point juncture
crossroads juncture
dire_straits desperate_straits
flashpoint flash_point
state_of_flux flux
physiological_state physical_condition
physiological_condition physical_condition
flatulency flatulence
gas flatulence
flection flexure
flexion flexure
alerting alertness
innervation excitation
irritation excitation
angriness anger
excitation excitement
inflammation excitement
fervor excitement
fervour excitement
erotism eroticism
hotness horniness
hot_pants horniness
hard-on erection
oestrus estrus
heat estrus
rut estrus
anestrum anestrus
anoestrus anestrus
anoestrum anestrus
diestrum diestrus
passion rage
philistinism materialism
hungriness hunger
esurience edacity
ravenousness edacity
voracity edacity
voraciousness edacity
famishment starvation
malnourishment undernourishment
thirstiness thirst
stagnant_hypoxia ischemic_hypoxia
hypercarbia hypercapnia
acapnia hypocapnia
stagnant_anoxia ischemic_anoxia
asphyxiation suffocation
hyperthermy hyperthermia
impotency impotence
male_erecticle_dysfunction erectile_dysfunction
ED erectile_dysfunction
infertility sterility
pseudocyesis false_pregnancy
gestation pregnancy
maternity pregnancy
gravidness gravidity
gravidation gravidity
para parity
extrauterine_pregnancy ectopic_pregnancy
ectopic_gestation ectopic_pregnancy
extrauterine_gestation ectopic_pregnancy
eccyesis ectopic_pregnancy
metacyesis ectopic_pregnancy
premature_labour premature_labor
labor parturiency
labour parturiency
confinement parturiency
lying-in parturiency
travail parturiency
childbed parturiency
obliquity asynclitism
vitalisation vitalization
healthiness good_health
haleness wholeness
vim energy
vitality energy
chi qi
ch'i qi
ki qi
blush bloom
flush bloom
rosiness bloom
glow freshness
fecundity fertility
potence potency
unhealthiness ill_health
health_problem ill_health
upset disorder
cholestasis acholia
achylia_gastrica achylia
acute_organic_brain_syndrome acute_brain_disorder
ARDS adult_respiratory_distress_syndrome
wet_lung adult_respiratory_distress_syndrome
white_lung adult_respiratory_distress_syndrome
complaint ailment
ill ailment
tactile_agnosia astereognosis
ADD attention_deficit_disorder
attention_deficit_hyperactivity_disorder attention_deficit_disorder
ADHD attention_deficit_disorder
hyperkinetic_syndrome attention_deficit_disorder
minimal_brain_dysfunction attention_deficit_disorder
minimal_brain_damage attention_deficit_disorder
MBD attention_deficit_disorder
binge-purge_syndrome bulimarexia
binge-vomit_syndrome bulimarexia
bulima_nervosa bulimarexia
binge-eating_syndrome bulimia
perleche cheilosis
parosamia dysosmia
olfactory_impairment dysosmia
gland_disease glandular_disease
glandular_disorder glandular_disease
adenosis glandular_disease
impacted_tooth impaction
learning_disability learning_disorder
unwellness illness
malady illness
sickness illness
introversion invagination
dependence addiction
dependance addiction
dependency addiction
habituation addiction
distension dilatation
distention dilatation
ectasis ectasia
lymphangiectasis lymphangiectasia
white_plague drug_addiction
alcohol_addiction alcoholism
inebriation alcoholism
drunkenness alcoholism
anuria anuresis
prostration collapse
crack-up breakdown
nervous_prostration nervous_exhaustion
insulin_reaction insulin_shock
aeroembolism decompression_sickness
air_embolism decompression_sickness
gas_embolism decompression_sickness
caisson_disease decompression_sickness
bends decompression_sickness
gastrointestinal_disorder food_poisoning
ptomaine_poisoning ptomaine
plumbism lead_poisoning
saturnism lead_poisoning
painter's_colic lead_colic
agranulosis agranulocytosis
granulocytopenia agranulocytosis
Banti's_syndrome banti's_disease
malignant_pustule cutaneous_anthrax
inhalation_anthrax pulmonary_anthrax
anthrax_pneumonia pulmonary_anthrax
ragpicker's_disease pulmonary_anthrax
ragsorter's_disease pulmonary_anthrax
woolsorter's_pneumonia pulmonary_anthrax
woolsorter's_disease pulmonary_anthrax
endemic_disease endemic
idiopathic_disorder idiopathic_disease
idiopathy idiopathic_disease
monogenic_disease monogenic_disorder
polygenic_disease polygenic_disorder
eunuchoidism male_hypogonadism
mucocutaneous_lymph_node_syndrome kawasaki_disease
pestilence plague
pest plague
pyknosis pycnosis
hyalinisation hyalinization
vacuolisation vacuolization
vacuolation vacuolization
Kenya_fever marseilles_fever
Indian_tick_fever marseilles_fever
boutonneuse_fever marseilles_fever
myasthenia myasthenia_gravis
Eaton-Lambert_syndrome lambert-eaton_syndrome
myasthenic_syndrome lambert-eaton_syndrome
carcinomatous_myopathy lambert-eaton_syndrome
industrial_disease occupational_disease
osteitis_deformans paget's_disease
polyarteritis_nodosa periarteritis_nodosa
periodontitis periodontal_disease
pyorrhoea pyorrhea
pyorrhea_alveolaris pyorrhea
Riggs'_disease pyorrhea
ictus seizure
raptus seizure
spot touch
apoplexy stroke
cerebrovascular_accident stroke
CVA stroke
fit paroxysm
convulsion paroxysm
generalized_seizure grand_mal
epilepsia_major grand_mal
epilepsia_minor petit_mal
mental_disturbance mental_disorder
disturbance mental_disorder
psychological_disorder mental_disorder
folie mental_disorder
alcaptonuria alkaptonuria
neurological_disorder nervous_disorder
neurological_disease nervous_disorder
akinesia akinesis
encephalopathy brain_disorder
brain_disease brain_disorder
cystoparalysis cystoplegia
focal_epilepsy cortical_epilepsy
grand_mal grand_mal_epilepsy
generalized_epilepsy grand_mal_epilepsy
epilepsia_major grand_mal_epilepsy
Lafora's_disease myoclonus_epilepsy
petit_mal petit_mal_epilepsy
epilepsia_minor petit_mal_epilepsy
absence_seizure absence
simple_absence pure_absence
traumatic_epilepsy posttraumatic_epilepsy
vaccinia_gangrenosa progressive_vaccinia
temporal_lobe_epilepsy psychomotor_epilepsy
Erb-Duchenne_paralysis erb's_palsy
ataxy ataxia
dyssynergia ataxia
motor_ataxia ataxia
herediatry_spinal_ataxia friedreich's_ataxia
atopognosis atopognosia
brachydactylia brachydactyly
cryptorchidism cryptorchidy
cryptorchism cryptorchidy
monorchidism monorchism
foetal_distress fetal_distress
MS multiple_sclerosis
disseminated_sclerosis multiple_sclerosis
disseminated_multiple_sclerosis multiple_sclerosis
Parkinsonism paralysis_agitans
Parkinson's_disease paralysis_agitans
Parkinson's_syndrome paralysis_agitans
Parkinson's paralysis_agitans
shaking_palsy paralysis_agitans
spastic_paralysis cerebral_palsy
Saint_Vitus_dance sydenham's_chorea
St._Vitus_dance sydenham's_chorea
anorthography agraphia
logagraphia agraphia
acoustic_aphasia auditory_aphasia
word_deafness auditory_aphasia
associative_aphasia conduction_aphasia
total_aphasia global_aphasia
Broca's_aphasia motor_aphasia
ataxic_aphasia motor_aphasia
expressive_aphasia motor_aphasia
nonfluent_aphasia motor_aphasia
anomic_aphasia nominal_aphasia
anomia nominal_aphasia
amnesic_aphasia nominal_aphasia
amnestic_aphasia nominal_aphasia
alexia visual_aphasia
word_blindness visual_aphasia
fluent_aphasia wernicke's_aphasia
receptive_aphasia wernicke's_aphasia
sensory_aphasia wernicke's_aphasia
impressive_aphasia wernicke's_aphasia
CJD creutzfeldt-jakob_disease
Jakob-Creutzfeldt_disease creutzfeldt-jakob_disease
aeroembolism air_embolism
gas_embolism air_embolism
coronary coronary_thrombosis
white_leg milk_leg
phlegmasia_alba_dolens milk_leg
megalohepatia hepatomegaly
cardiopathy heart_disease
hypertension high_blood_pressure
heterotaxy transposition
postural_hypotension orthostatic_hypotension
hyperpiesia essential_hypertension
hyperpiesis essential_hypertension
amyotrophy amyotrophia
ALS amyotrophic_lateral_sclerosis
Lou_Gehrig's_disease amyotrophic_lateral_sclerosis
aneurism aneurysm
AAA abdominal_aortic_aneurysm
stricture stenosis
angina angina_pectoris
arterial_sclerosis arteriosclerosis
hardening_of_the_arteries arteriosclerosis
induration_of_the_arteries arteriosclerosis
coronary-artery_disease arteriosclerosis
coronary_artery_disease atherosclerosis
bacteriemia bacteremia
bacteriaemia bacteremia
induration sclerosis
arrhythmia cardiac_arrhythmia
myocardiopathy cardiomyopathy
cantering_rhythm gallop_rhythm
mitral_valve_stenosis mitral_stenosis
coronary_failure heart_failure
myocardial_infarct myocardial_infarction
MI myocardial_infarction
renal_disorder kidney_disease
nephropathy kidney_disease
nephrosis kidney_disease
cardiac_insufficiency coronary_insufficiency
Bright's_disease nephritis
nephroangiosclerosis nephrosclerosis
PKD polycystic_kidney_disease
kidney_failure renal_failure
acute_kidney_failure acute_renal_failure
chronic_kidney_failure chronic_renal_failure
renal_lithiasis nephrolithiasis
cirrhosis_of_the_liver cirrhosis
Addison's_syndrome addison's_disease
hypoadrenalism addison's_disease
hypoadrenocorticism addison's_disease
hyperaldosteronism aldosteronism
hyperadrenalism cushing's_disease
hyperadrenocorticism cushing's_syndrome
DM diabetes_mellitus
insulin-dependent_diabetes_mellitus type_i_diabetes
IDDM type_i_diabetes
juvenile-onset_diabetes type_i_diabetes
juvenile_diabetes type_i_diabetes
growth-onset_diabetes type_i_diabetes
ketosis-prone_diabetes type_i_diabetes
ketoacidosis-prone_diabetes type_i_diabetes
autoimmune_diabetes type_i_diabetes
non-insulin-dependent_diabetes_mellitus type_ii_diabetes
NIDDM type_ii_diabetes
non-insulin-dependent_diabetes type_ii_diabetes
ketosis-resistant_diabetes_mellitus type_ii_diabetes
ketosis-resistant_diabetes type_ii_diabetes
ketoacidosis-resistant_diabetes_mellitus type_ii_diabetes
ketoacidosis-resistant_diabetes type_ii_diabetes
adult-onset_diabetes_mellitus type_ii_diabetes
adult-onset_diabetes type_ii_diabetes
maturity-onset_diabetes_mellitus type_ii_diabetes
maturity-onset_diabetes type_ii_diabetes
mature-onset_diabetes type_ii_diabetes
chemical_diabetes latent_diabetes
atrophedema angioedema
giant_hives angioedema
periodic_edema angioedema
Quincke's_edema angioedema
thyrotoxicosis hyperthyroidism
exophthalmic_goiter graves'_disease
myxoedema myxedema
achondroplasty achondroplasia
osteosclerosis_congenita achondroplasia
chondrodystrophy achondroplasia
contagion contagious_disease
flu influenza
grippe influenza
Asiatic_flu asian_influenza
swine_flu swine_influenza
rubeola measles
morbilli measles
rubella german_measles
three-day_measles german_measles
epidemic_roseola german_measles
roseola_infantum exanthema_subitum
roseola_infantilis exanthema_subitum
pseudorubella exanthema_subitum
scarlatina scarlet_fever
variola smallpox
variola_major smallpox
variola_minor alastrim
pseudosmallpox alastrim
pseudovariola alastrim
milk_pox alastrim
white_pox alastrim
West_Indian_smallpox alastrim
Cuban_itch alastrim
Kaffir_pox alastrim
Vincent's_infection vincent's_angina
trench_mouth vincent's_angina
ringworm tinea
roundworm tinea
athlete's_foot tinea_pedis
barber's_itch tinea_barbae
jock_itch tinea_cruris
eczema_marginatum tinea_cruris
sightlessness blindness
cecity blindness
acquired_immune_deficiency_syndrome aids
undulant_fever brucellosis
Malta_fever brucellosis
Gibraltar_fever brucellosis
Rock_fever brucellosis
Mediterranean_fever brucellosis
severe_combined_immunodeficiency_disease severe_combined_immunodeficiency
SCID severe_combined_immunodeficiency
X-SCID x-linked_scid
Asiatic_cholera cholera
Indian_cholera cholera
epidemic_cholera cholera
dengue_fever dengue
dandy_fever dengue
breakbone_fever dengue
infectious_hepatitis hepatitis_a
serum_hepatitis hepatitis_b
delta_hepatitis hepatitis_delta
cancer_of_the_liver liver_cancer
herpes_labialis oral_herpes
cold_sore oral_herpes
fever_blister oral_herpes
herpes_genitalis genital_herpes
zoster herpes_zoster
shingles herpes_zoster
varicella chickenpox
VD venereal_disease
venereal_infection venereal_disease
social_disease venereal_disease
Cupid's_itch venereal_disease
Cupid's_disease venereal_disease
Venus's_curse venereal_disease
dose venereal_disease
sexually_transmitted_disease venereal_disease
STD venereal_disease
gonorrhoea gonorrhea
clap gonorrhea
granuloma_venereum granuloma_inguinale
syph syphilis
pox syphilis
lues_venerea syphilis
lues syphilis
locomotor_ataxia tabes_dorsalis
mononucleosis infectious_mononucleosis
mono infectious_mononucleosis
glandular_fever infectious_mononucleosis
kissing_disease infectious_mononucleosis
Ebola_fever ebola_hemorrhagic_fever
Ebola ebola_hemorrhagic_fever
Hansen's_disease leprosy
NEC necrotizing_enterocolitis
listeria_meningitis listeriosis
LGV lymphogranuloma_venereum
lymphopathia_venereum lymphogranuloma_venereum
epidemic_parotitis mumps
epidemic_meningitis cerebrospinal_meningitis
brain_fever cerebrospinal_meningitis
cerebrospinal_fever cerebrospinal_meningitis
paratyphoid_fever paratyphoid
pestilence plague
pest plague
pestis plague
pestis_bubonica bubonic_plague
glandular_plague bubonic_plague
ambulatory_plague ambulant_plague
pestis_ambulans ambulant_plague
Black_Plague black_death
pulmonic_plague pneumonic_plague
plague_pneumonia pneumonic_plague
polio poliomyelitis
infantile_paralysis poliomyelitis
acute_anterior_poliomyelitis poliomyelitis
rickettsiosis rickettsial_disease
typhus_fever typhus
rat_typhus murine_typhus
urban_typhus murine_typhus
endemic_typhus murine_typhus
mountain_fever rocky_mountain_spotted_fever
tick_fever rocky_mountain_spotted_fever
scrub_typhus tsutsugamushi_disease
recurrent_fever relapsing_fever
miliary_fever sweating_sickness
TB tuberculosis
T.B. tuberculosis
consumption pulmonary_tuberculosis
phthisis pulmonary_tuberculosis
wasting_disease pulmonary_tuberculosis
white_plague pulmonary_tuberculosis
struma scrofula
king's_evil scrofula
typhoid_fever typhoid
enteric_fever typhoid
pertussis whooping_cough
frambesia yaws
framboesia yaws
yellow_fever yellow_jack
black_vomit yellow_jack
respiratory_illness respiratory_disease
respiratory_disorder respiratory_disease
common_cold cold
asthma_attack asthma
bronchial_asthma asthma
coccidiomycosis coccidioidomycosis
valley_fever coccidioidomycosis
desert_rheumatism coccidioidomycosis
pulmonary_emphysema emphysema
primary_atypical_pneumonia atypical_pneumonia
mycoplasmal_pneumonia atypical_pneumonia
bronchial_pneumonia bronchopneumonia
pneumocystis_pneumonia pneumocytosis
pneumocystis_carinii_pneumonia pneumocytosis
interstitial_plasma_cell_pneumonia pneumocytosis
parrot_fever psittacosis
ornithosis psittacosis
pneumonoconiosis pneumoconiosis
black_lung anthracosis
black_lung_disease anthracosis
coal_miner's_lung anthracosis
respiratory_distress_syndrome_of_the_newborn respiratory_distress_syndrome
hyaline_membrane_disease respiratory_distress_syndrome
genetic_disorder genetic_disease
genetic_abnormality genetic_disease
genetic_defect genetic_disease
congenital_disease genetic_disease
inherited_disease genetic_disease
inherited_disorder genetic_disease
hereditary_disease genetic_disease
hereditary_condition genetic_disease
anencephalia anencephaly
adactyly adactylia
adactylism adactylia
colour_blindness color_blindness
color_vision_deficiency color_blindness
colour_vision_deficiency color_blindness
double_vision diplopia
dichromatism dichromacy
dichromatopsia dichromacy
dichromia dichromacy
dichromasy dichromacy
red-green_color_blindness red-green_dichromacy
red-green_colour_blindness red-green_dichromacy
Daltonism deuteranopia
green-blindness deuteranopia
red-blindness protanopia
yellow-blue_color_blindness yellow-blue_dichromacy
yellow-blindness tetartanopia
blue-blindness tritanopia
monochromatism monochromacy
monochromatic_vision monochromacy
monochromia monochromacy
monochromasy monochromacy
CF cystic_fibrosis
fibrocystic_disease_of_the_pancreas cystic_fibrosis
pancreatic_fibrosis cystic_fibrosis
mucoviscidosis cystic_fibrosis
congenital_megacolon hirschsprung's_disease
Huntington's_disease huntington's_chorea
Hurler's_disease hurler's_syndrome
gargoylism hurler's_syndrome
dysostosis_multiplex hurler's_syndrome
lipochondrodystrophy hurler's_syndrome
von_Recklinghausen's_disease neurofibromatosis
clinocephalism clinocephaly
mongolianism mongolism
Down's_syndrome mongolism
Down_syndrome mongolism
trisomy_21 mongolism
branched_chain_ketoaciduria maple_syrup_urine_disease
dystrophy muscular_dystrophy
pseudohypertrophic_dystrophy duchenne's_muscular_dystrophy
autosomal_dominant_disorder autosomal_dominant_disease
autosomal_recessive_defect autosomal_recessive_disease
myotonic_dystrophy myotonic_muscular_dystrophy
myotonia_atrophica myotonic_muscular_dystrophy
Steinert's_disease myotonic_muscular_dystrophy
acrocephaly oxycephaly
aplastic_anaemia aplastic_anemia
Fanconi's_anaemia fanconi's_anemia
congenital_pancytopenia fanconi's_anemia
haemolytic_anaemia hemolytic_anemia
hyperchromic_anaemia hyperchromic_anemia
hypochromic_anaemia hypochromic_anemia
hypoplastic_anaemia hypoplastic_anemia
iron_deficiency_anaemia iron_deficiency_anemia
ischaemia ischemia
ischaemic_stroke ischemic_stroke
TIA transient_ischemic_attack
greensickness chlorosis
macrocytic_anaemia macrocytic_anemia
microcytic_anaemia microcytic_anemia
parasitaemia parasitemia
pernicious_anaemia pernicious_anemia
malignant_anemia pernicious_anemia
malignant_anaemia pernicious_anemia
megaloblastic_anaemia megaloblastic_anemia
metaplastic_anaemia metaplastic_anemia
refractory_anaemia refractory_anemia
sideroblastic_anaemia sideroblastic_anemia
siderochrestic_anemia sideroblastic_anemia
siderochrestic_anaemia sideroblastic_anemia
sickle-cell_anaemia sickle-cell_anemia
sickle-cell_disease sickle-cell_anemia
crescent-cell_anemia sickle-cell_anemia
crescent-cell_anaemia sickle-cell_anemia
drepanocytic_anemia sickle-cell_anemia
drepanocytic_anaemia sickle-cell_anemia
juvenile_amaurotic_idiocy spielmeyer-vogt_disease
Tay-Sachs tay-sachs_disease
Sachs_disease tay-sachs_disease
infantile_amaurotic_idiocy tay-sachs_disease
haemophilia hemophilia
bleeder's_disease hemophilia
haemophilia_A hemophilia_a
classical_hemophilia hemophilia_a
classical_haemophilia hemophilia_a
haemophilia_B hemophilia_b
Christmas_disease hemophilia_b
angiohemophilia von_willebrand's_disease
vascular_hemophilia von_willebrand's_disease
stomach_flu gastroenteritis
intestinal_flu gastroenteritis
collywobbles cholera_morbus
PID pelvic_inflammatory_disease
pharyngitis sore_throat
raw_throat sore_throat
peritonsillar_abscess quinsy
spasmodic_laryngitis croup
amoebiasis amebiasis
amebiosis amebiasis
amoebiosis amebiasis
amoebic_dysentery amebic_dysentery
fasciolosis fascioliasis
Guinea_worm guinea_worm_disease
dracunculiasis guinea_worm_disease
whitlow felon
mycosis fungal_infection
haemorrhagic_fever hemorrhagic_fever
viral_hemorrhagic_fever hemorrhagic_fever
viral_haemorrhagic_fever hemorrhagic_fever
VHF hemorrhagic_fever
leishmaniosis leishmaniasis
kala_azar leishmaniasis
cross_infection nonsocial_infection
respiratory_infection respiratory_tract_infection
SARS severe_acute_respiratory_syndrome
itch scabies
bilharzia schistosomiasis
bilharziasis schistosomiasis
kala-azar visceral_leishmaniasis
Assam_fever visceral_leishmaniasis
dumdum_fever visceral_leishmaniasis
Old_World_leishmaniasis cutaneous_leishmaniasis
oriental_sore cutaneous_leishmaniasis
tropical_sore cutaneous_leishmaniasis
Delhi_boil cutaneous_leishmaniasis
Aleppo_boil cutaneous_leishmaniasis
New_World_leishmaniasis mucocutaneous_leishmaniasis
American_leishmaniasis mucocutaneous_leishmaniasis
leishmaniasis_americana mucocutaneous_leishmaniasis
nasopharyngeal_leishmaniasis mucocutaneous_leishmaniasis
moniliasis candidiasis
monilia_disease candidiasis
dermatophytosis dermatomycosis
focal_point focus
nidus focus
furuncle boil
chilblains chilblain
pernio chilblain
suppurating_sore fester
bacillary_dysentery shigellosis
strep_throat streptococcal_sore_throat
streptococcus_tonsilitis streptococcal_sore_throat
septic_sore_throat streptococcal_sore_throat
throat_infection streptococcal_sore_throat
stye sty
hordeolum sty
eye_infection sty
lockjaw tetanus
virus_infection viral_infection
atrophic_arthritis rheumatoid_arthritis
rheumatism rheumatoid_arthritis
autoimmune_disorder autoimmune_disease
juvenile_rheumatoid_arthritis still's_disease
degenerative_arthritis osteoarthritis
degenerative_joint_disease osteoarthritis
gouty_arthritis gout
urarthritis gout
blood_disorder blood_disease
septicemia blood_poisoning
septicaemia blood_poisoning
sapraemia sapremia
childbed_fever puerperal_fever
pyaemia pyemia
toxaemia toxemia
toxaemia_of_pregnancy toxemia_of_pregnancy
toxemia toxemia_of_pregnancy
toxaemia toxemia_of_pregnancy
pre-eclampsia preeclampsia
haemoglobinemia hemoglobinemia
haemoglobinopathy hemoglobinopathy
haemoptysis hemoptysis
Schuller-Christian_disease hand-schuller-christian_disease
hydatidiform_mole hydatid_mole
molar_pregnancy hydatid_mole
lipaemia lipemia
lipidemia lipemia
lipidaemia lipemia
lipoidemia lipemia
lipoidaemia lipemia
hyperlipemia lipemia
hyperlipaemia lipemia
hyperlipidemia lipemia
hyperlipidaemia lipemia
hyperlipoidemia lipemia
hyperlipoidaemia lipemia
lysogenicity lysogeny
hypervolaemia hypervolemia
hypovolaemia hypovolemia
anaemia anemia
thalassaemia thalassemia
Mediterranean_anemia thalassemia
Mediterranean_anaemia thalassemia
Cooley's_anaemia cooley's_anemia
thalassemia_major cooley's_anemia
thalassaemia_major cooley's_anemia
leucocytosis leukocytosis
leucopenia leukopenia
lymphopenia lymphocytopenia
peliosis purpura
thrombopenia thrombocytopenia
fibrocystic_disease_of_the_breast fibrocystic_breast_disease
cystic_breast_disease fibrocystic_breast_disease
cystic_mastitis fibrocystic_breast_disease
hypovitaminosis avitaminosis
goitre goiter
struma goiter
thyromegaly goiter
Alpine_scurvy pellagra
mal_de_la_rosa pellagra
mal_rosso pellagra
maidism pellagra
mayidism pellagra
Saint_Ignatius'_itch pellagra
rachitis rickets
scorbutus scurvy
blood_cyst hemorrhagic_cyst
hematocyst hemorrhagic_cyst
nabothian_follicle nabothian_cyst
Meibomian_cyst chalazion
pilar_cyst sebaceous_cyst
wen sebaceous_cyst
steatocystoma sebaceous_cyst
kinetosis motion_sickness
air_sickness airsickness
mal_de_mer seasickness
naupathia seasickness
heat_hyperpyrexia heatstroke
heat_prostration heat_exhaustion
insolation sunstroke
thermic_fever sunstroke
siriasis sunstroke
adenomyosis endometriosis
iron-storage_disease hemochromatosis
iron_overload hemochromatosis
bronzed_diabetes hemochromatosis
idiopathic_hemochromatosis classic_hemochromatosis
infarction infarct
mazopathy mastopathy
hereditary_motor_and_sensory_neuropathy charcot-marie-tooth_disease
Albers-Schonberg_disease osteopetrosis
marble_bones_disease osteopetrosis
demineralisation demineralization
pyorrhoea pyorrhea
uraemia uremia
azotemia uremia
azotaemia uremia
ulceration ulcer
pressure_sore bedsore
decubitus_ulcer bedsore
peptic_ulceration peptic_ulcer
canker_sore canker
malformation deformity
misshapenness deformity
pes_cavus clawfoot
harelip cleft_lip
cheiloschisis cleft_lip
talipes clubfoot
chicken_breast pigeon_breast
apple_canker apple_blight
chestnut_canker chestnut_blight
chestnut-bark_disease chestnut_blight
pear_blight fire_blight
halo_spot halo_blight
bean_blight halo_blight
needle_cast needle_blight
leaf_cast needle_blight
potato_mold potato_blight
potato_disease potato_blight
potato_mildew potato_blight
potato_murrain potato_blight
tomato_yellows tomato_blight
pappataci_fever sandfly_fever
phlebotomus sandfly_fever
disease_of_the_skin skin_disease
skin_disorder skin_disease
Marie-Strumpell_disease ankylosing_spondylitis
rheumatoid_spondylitis ankylosing_spondylitis
DLE discoid_lupus_erythematosus
LE lupus_erythematosus
SLE systemic_lupus_erythematosus
disseminated_lupus_erythematosus systemic_lupus_erythematosus
keratosis_nigricans acanthosis_nigricans
rosacea acne_rosacea
atopic_eczema atopic_dermatitis
diaper_dermatitis diaper_rash
swimmer's_itch schistosome_dermatitis
Kaposi's_varicelliform_eruption eczema_vaccinatum
chronic_eczema lichtenoid_eczema
eczema_hypertrophicum lichtenoid_eczema
love_bite hickey
ENL erythema_nodosum_leprosum
keratodermia keratoderma
keratoderma_blennorrhagica keratosis_blennorrhagica
Darier's_disease keratosis_follicularis
lichen_ruber_planus lichen_planus
melanism melanosis
necrobiosis_lipoidica_diabeticorum necrobiosis_lipoidica
seborrheic_eczema seborrheic_dermatitis
xanthoma_multiplex xanthomatosis
cholesterosis_cutis xanthomatosis
lipid_granulomatosis xanthomatosis
lipoid_granulomatosis xanthomatosis
polypus polyp
tumour tumor
neoplasm tumor
skin_tumor acanthoma
benign_tumour benign_tumor
nonmalignant_tumor benign_tumor
nonmalignant_tumour benign_tumor
nonmalignant_neoplasm benign_tumor
blastocytoma blastoma
embryonal_carcinosarcoma blastoma
brain_tumour brain_tumor
spongioblastoma glioblastoma
malignance malignancy
granulation_tissue granulation
fibroid fibroid_tumor
adipose_tumor lipoma
malignant_neoplasm malignant_tumor
metastatic_tumor malignant_tumor
malignant_neoplastic_disease cancer
Ewing's_tumor ewing's_sarcoma
Ewing's_tumour ewing's_sarcoma
endothelial_myeloma ewing's_sarcoma
malignant_neuroma neurosarcoma
osteogenic_sarcoma osteosarcoma
squamous_cell_carcinoma cancroid
leukaemia leukemia
leucaemia leukemia
cancer_of_the_blood leukemia
acute_lymphoblastic_leukemia acute_lymphocytic_leukemia
acute_myeloid_leukemia acute_myelocytic_leukemia
myeloid_leukemia chronic_myelocytic_leukemia
monocytic_leukaemia monocytic_leukemia
monoblastic_leukemia monocytic_leukemia
monoblastic_leukaemia monocytic_leukemia
histiocytic_leukemia monocytic_leukemia
histiocytic_leukaemia monocytic_leukemia
granulocytic_leukemia myelocytic_leukemia
rhabdosarcoma rhabdomyosarcoma
embryonal_rhabdosarcoma embryonal_rhabdomyosarcoma
alveolar_rhabdosarcoma alveolar_rhabdomyosarcoma
pleomorphic_rhabdosarcoma pleomorphic_rhabdomyosarcoma
Wilms_tumour wilms'_tumor
adenomyosarcoma wilms'_tumor
nephroblastoma wilms'_tumor
embryoma_of_the_kidney wilms'_tumor
glandular_cancer adenocarcinoma
glandular_carcinoma adenocarcinoma
preinvasive_cancer carcinoma_in_situ
endometrial_cancer endometrial_carcinoma
haemangioma hemangioma
strawberry_haemangioma strawberry_hemangioma
spider_nevus spider_angioma
vascular_spider spider_angioma
neurilemoma neurofibroma
villoma papilloma
papillary_tumor papilloma
papillary_tumour papilloma
phaeochromocytoma pheochromocytoma
sand_tumor psammoma
malignant_hepatoma hepatoma
hepatocarcinoma hepatoma
hepatocellular_carcinoma hepatoma
small_cell_carcinoma oat_cell_carcinoma
prostatic_adenocarcinoma prostate_cancer
testicular_cancer seminoma
malignant_melanoma melanoma
lumpy_jaw cervicofacial_actinomycosis
closed-angle_glaucoma acute_glaucoma
angle-closure_glaucoma acute_glaucoma
open-angle_glaucoma chronic_glaucoma
AMD age-related_macular_degeneration
leucoma leukoma
dry_socket alveolitis
pulseless_disease takayasu's_arteritis
ophthalmitis ophthalmia
thresher's_lung farmer's_lung
splenic_fever anthrax
brooder_pneumonia aspergillosis
bagascosis bagassosis
contagious_abortion brucellosis
Bang's_disease brucellosis
BSE bovine_spongiform_encephalitis
mad_cow_disease bovine_spongiform_encephalitis
chorea canine_chorea
vaccinia cowpox
pasteurellosis hemorrhagic_septicemia
fistula fistulous_withers
strangles equine_distemper
hoof-and-mouth_disease foot-and-mouth_disease
sheep_rot black_disease
liver_rot black_disease
distomatosis black_disease
broken_wind heaves
Lyme_arthritis lyme_disease
Marburg_hemorrhagic_fever marburg_disease
green_monkey_disease marburg_disease
proteinuria albuminuria
haematocyturia hematocyturia
ketosis ketonemia
acetonemia ketonemia
hypercalcaemia hypercalcemia
hypocalcaemia hypocalcemia
hypercalcinuria hypercalciuria
hypercholesteremia hypercholesterolemia
kaluresis kaliuresis
ketoaciduria ketonuria
acetonuria ketonuria
hydrophobia rabies
lyssa rabies
madness rabies
cattle_plague rinderpest
shipping_pneumonia shipping_fever
leptospirosis swamp_fever
locoism loco_disease
mooneye moon_blindness
parrot_disease psittacosis
bacillary_white_diarrhea pullorum_disease
bacillary_white_diarrhoea pullorum_disease
gall saddle_sore
blind_staggers staggers
milk_sickness trembles
tularaemia tularemia
rabbit_fever tularemia
deer_fly_fever tularemia
yatobyo tularemia
zoonotic_disease zoonosis
white-pine_rust blister_rust
white_pine_blister_rust blister_rust
gummosis brown_rot_gummosis
ring_disease ring_rot
tobacco_wilt ring_rot
rosette little_potato
russet_scab little_potato
stem_canker little_potato
sclerotium_rot sclerotium_disease
wilt_disease wilt
stinking_smut bunt
false_smut green_smut
potato_yellow_dwarf yellow_dwarf_of_potato
psychic_trauma trauma
hurt injury
harm injury
trauma injury
scratch abrasion
scrape abrasion
excoriation abrasion
gash cut
slash cut
slice cut
hemorrhage bleeding
haemorrhage bleeding
haemorrhagic_stroke hemorrhagic_stroke
contusion bruise
black_eye shiner
mouse shiner
singe scorch
erythema_solare sunburn
suntan tan
sunburn tan
burn tan
break fracture
open_fracture compound_fracture
stress_fracture fatigue_fracture
capillary_fracture hairline_fracture
closed_fracture simple_fracture
cryopathy frostbite
penetrating_injury penetrating_trauma
herniation hernia
vaginocele colpocele
hiatal_hernia hiatus_hernia
diaphragmatic_hernia hiatus_hernia
ruptured_intervertebral_disc herniated_disc
slipped_disc herniated_disc
colpocystocele cystocele
proctocele rectocele
omphalocele umbilical_hernia
bite sting
insect_bite sting
whiplash_injury whiplash
welt wale
weal wale
wheal wale
lesion wound
twist wrench
pull wrench
immersion_foot trench_foot
amenorrhoea amenorrhea
amenia amenorrhea
melasma chloasma
mask_of_pregnancy chloasma
Raynaud's_sign acrocyanosis
prodroma prodrome
cervical_root_syndrome cervical_disc_syndrome
FAS fetal_alcohol_syndrome
Persian_Gulf_illness gulf_war_syndrome
regional_ileitis regional_enteritis
Crohn's_disease regional_enteritis
spastic_colon irritable_bowel_syndrome
mucous_colitis irritable_bowel_syndrome
Klinefelter_syndrome klinefelter's_syndrome
XXY-syndrome klinefelter's_syndrome
Munchausen_syndrome munchausen's_syndrome
nephrosis nephrotic_syndrome
PMS premenstrual_syndrome
radiation_syndrome radiation_sickness
radiation radiation_sickness
Reiter's_disease reiter's_syndrome
restless_legs restless_legs_syndrome
Ekbom_syndrome restless_legs_syndrome
SIDS sudden_infant_death_syndrome
infant_death sudden_infant_death_syndrome
crib_death sudden_infant_death_syndrome
cot_death sudden_infant_death_syndrome
tetanilla tetany
intermittent_tetanus tetany
intermittent_cramp tetany
apyretic_tetanus tetany
Gilles_de_la_Tourette_syndrome tourette's_syndrome
furry_tongue hairy_tongue
black_tongue hairy_tongue
purulency purulence
sphacelus gangrene
slough gangrene
cold_gangrene dry_gangrene
mumification_necrosis dry_gangrene
mummification dry_gangrene
clostridial_myonecrosis gas_gangrene
emphysematous_gangrene gas_gangrene
emphysematous_phlegmon gas_gangrene
gangrenous_emphysema gas_gangrene
gas_phlegmon gas_gangrene
progressive_emphysematous_necrosis gas_gangrene
haematuria hematuria
haemoglobinuria hemoglobinuria
haemosiderosis hemosiderosis
sneezing sneeze
sternutation sneeze
puffiness swelling
lump swelling
oedema edema
hydrops edema
dropsy edema
brain_edema cerebral_edema
haematocele hematocele
hematocoele hematocele
haematocoele hematocele
haematocolpometra hematocolpometra
haematocolpos hematocolpos
intumescency intumescence
oscheocoele oscheocele
tumidness tumidity
cephalohematoma cephalhematoma
haematoma hematoma
neonatal_hyperbilirubinemia hyperbilirubinemia_of_the_newborn
hyperglycaemia hyperglycemia
hypoglycaemia hypoglycemia
icterus jaundice
physiological_jaundice_of_the_newborn jaundice_of_the_newborn
icterus_neonatorum jaundice_of_the_newborn
haemothorax hemothorax
hyperaemia hyperemia
enanthema enanthem
exanthema exanthem
skin_eruption exanthem
roseola rash
efflorescence rash
skin_rash rash
heat_rash prickly_heat
miliaria prickly_heat
urticaria urtication
hives urtication
nettle_rash urtication
hurting pain
aching ache
odontalgia toothache
suffering agony
excruciation agony
paraesthesia paresthesia
Passion_of_Christ passion
burning burn
intestinal_colic colic
gripes colic
griping colic
head_ache headache
cephalalgia headache
glossodynia glossalgia
haemorrhoid hemorrhoid
piles hemorrhoid
stomach_ache stomachache
bellyache stomachache
gastralgia stomachache
otalgia earache
cluster_headache histamine_headache
megrim migraine
sick_headache migraine
hemicrania migraine
lumbar_pain lumbago
myodynia myalgia
neuralgy neuralgia
sting pang
photophobia photalgia
pleuralgia pleurodynia
costalgia pleurodynia
epidemic_myalgia epidemic_pleurodynia
myosis epidemic_pleurodynia
diaphragmatic_pleurisy epidemic_pleurodynia
Bornholm_disease epidemic_pleurodynia
tic_douloureux trigeminal_neuralgia
labor_pains birth_pangs
labour_pains birth_pangs
smarting smart
smartness smart
stinging sting
soreness tenderness
rawness tenderness
torment torture
vesicopapule papulovesicle
hickey pimple
zit pimple
megalocardia cardiomegaly
megacardia cardiomegaly
enlarged_heart cardiomegaly
cardiac_murmur heart_murmur
murmur heart_murmur
pyrosis heartburn
esophageal_reflux gastroesophageal_reflux
oesophageal_reflux gastroesophageal_reflux
flush hot_flash
dyspepsia indigestion
stomach_upset indigestion
upset_stomach indigestion
redness inflammation
rubor inflammation
myocarditis myocardial_inflammation
shivering chill
chills_and_fever ague
inflammatory_bowel_disease colitis
pinkeye conjunctivitis
cephalitis encephalitis
phrenitis encephalitis
equine_encephalomyelitis equine_encephalitis
herpes_encephalitis herpes_simplex_encephalitis
acute_inclusion_body_encephalitis herpes_simplex_encephalitis
cerebromeningitis meningoencephalitis
encephalomeningitis meningoencephalitis
sleepy_sickness sleeping_sickness
epidemic_encephalitis sleeping_sickness
lethargic_encephalitis sleeping_sickness
encephalitis_lethargica sleeping_sickness
SSPE subacute_sclerosing_panencephalitis
inclusion_body_encephalitis subacute_sclerosing_panencephalitis
subacute_inclusion_body_encephalitis subacute_sclerosing_panencephalitis
sclerosing_leukoencephalitis subacute_sclerosing_panencephalitis
subacute_sclerosing_leukoencephalitis subacute_sclerosing_panencephalitis
Bosin's_disease subacute_sclerosing_panencephalitis
Dawson's_encephalitis subacute_sclerosing_panencephalitis
Van_Bogaert_encephalitis subacute_sclerosing_panencephalitis
oesophagitis esophagitis
glossodynia_exfoliativa moeller's_glossitis
otitis_interna labyrinthitis
founder laminitis
endometritis metritis
trichiniasis trichinosis
myositis_trichinosa trichinosis
ozaena ozena
peritoneal_inflammation peritonitis
venous_thrombosis phlebothrombosis
multiple_neuritis polyneuritis
infectious_polyneuritis guillain-barre_syndrome
Landry's_paralysis guillain-barre_syndrome
coryza rhinitis
tendonitis tendinitis
tenonitis tendinitis
lateral_epicondylitis tennis_elbow
lateral_humeral_epicondylitis tennis_elbow
tendosynovitis tenosynovitis
tendonous_synovitis tenosynovitis
vaccina vaccinia
variola_vaccine vaccinia
variola_vaccinia vaccinia
variola_vaccina vaccinia
coughing cough
hiccough hiccup
singultus hiccup
sickness nausea
squeamishness queasiness
qualm queasiness
cramp spasm
muscle_spasm spasm
charley-horse charley_horse
graphospasm writer's_cramp
kink crick
rick crick
wrick crick
twitching twitch
vellication twitch
Adams-Stokes_syndrome heart_block
Stokes-Adams_syndrome heart_block
atrioventricular_block heart_block
PVC premature_ventricular_contraction
cicatrix scar
cicatrice scar
cheloid keloid
callus callosity
clavus corn
muscae_volitantes musca_volitans
floater musca_volitans
spots musca_volitans
febrility fever
febricity fever
pyrexia fever
feverishness fever
wasting atrophy
wasting_away atrophy
polyostotic_fibrous_dysplasia albright's_disease
chyloderma elephantiasis_scroti
pachyderma nevoid_elephantiasis
gigantism giantism
overgrowth giantism
acromegalia acromegaly
BPH benign_prostatic_hyperplasia
dyspnoea dyspnea
SOB shortness_of_breath
breathlessness shortness_of_breath
epistaxis nosebleed
irregularity constipation
diarrhoea diarrhea
looseness_of_the_bowels diarrhea
looseness diarrhea
the_trots the_shits
giddiness dizziness
lightheadedness dizziness
vertigo dizziness
anaemia anemia
psychological_condition psychological_state
mental_state psychological_state
mental_condition psychological_state
anxiousness anxiety
hypochondriasis hypochondria
nerves nervousness
heebie-jeebies jitters
screaming_meemies jitters
mental_strain strain
nervous_strain strain
tenseness tension
stress tension
psychotic_belief delusion
acousma auditory_hallucination
nihilism nihilistic_delusion
mental_balance mental_soundness
saneness sanity
reason rationality
reasonableness rationality
mental_disease mental_illness
psychopathy mental_illness
GAD generalized_anxiety_disorder
anxiety_reaction generalized_anxiety_disorder
phobic_disorder phobia
phobic_neurosis phobia
acousticophobia phonophobia
PTSD posttraumatic_stress_disorder
conversion_reaction conversion_disorder
conversion_hysteria conversion_disorder
sociopathic_personality antisocial_personality_disorder
psychopathic_personality antisocial_personality_disorder
combat_fatigue battle_fatigue
combat_neurosis battle_fatigue
shell_shock battle_fatigue
schizoid schizotypal_personality
major_affective_disorder affective_disorder
emotional_disorder affective_disorder
emotional_disturbance affective_disorder
clinical_depression depressive_disorder
depression depressive_disorder
dysthymic_depression dysthymia
reactive_depression exogenous_depression
manic_disorder mania
delirium craze
frenzy craze
fury craze
hysteria craze
epidemic_hysertia mass_hysteria
manic_depression bipolar_disorder
manic_depressive_illness bipolar_disorder
manic-depressive_psychosis bipolar_disorder
cyclothymic_disorder cyclothymia
cyclic_disorder cyclothymia
neuroticism neurosis
psychoneurosis neurosis
hysterical_neurosis hysteria
depersonalisation depersonalization
depersonalization_disorder depersonalization
depersonalisation_disorder depersonalization
depersonalization_neurosis depersonalization
depersonalisation_neurosis depersonalization
psychogenic_fugue fugue
multiple_personality split_personality
madness lunacy
insaneness lunacy
dementedness dementia
alcohol_amnestic_disorder alcoholic_dementia
Korsakoff's_psychosis alcoholic_dementia
Korsakoff's_syndrome alcoholic_dementia
Korsakov's_psychosis alcoholic_dementia
Korsakov's_syndrome alcoholic_dementia
polyneuritic_psychosis alcoholic_dementia
Alzheimer's alzheimer's_disease
Alzheimers alzheimer's_disease
senile_psychosis senile_dementia
hypertrophic_rosacea rhinophyma
toper's_nose rhinophyma
brandy_nose rhinophyma
rum_nose rhinophyma
rum-blossom rhinophyma
potato_nose rhinophyma
hammer_nose rhinophyma
copper_nose rhinophyma
unreason irrationality
mental_unsoundness derangement
unbalance derangement
daftness craziness
flakiness craziness
DTs delirium_tremens
schizophrenic_disorder schizophrenia
schizophrenic_psychosis schizophrenia
dementia_praecox schizophrenia
latent_schizophrenia borderline_schizophrenia
catatonic_type_schizophrenia catatonic_schizophrenia
catatonia catatonic_schizophrenia
hebephrenic_schizophrenia hebephrenia
disorganized_schizophrenia hebephrenia
disorganized_type_schizophrenia hebephrenia
paranoic_type_schizophrenia paranoid_schizophrenia
paraphrenic_schizophrenia paranoid_schizophrenia
paraphrenia paranoid_schizophrenia
reactive_schizophrenia acute_schizophrenic_episode
voicelessness aphonia
speech_defect speech_disorder
defect_of_speech speech_disorder
tropical_sprue sprue
psilosis sprue
stutter stammer
perturbation disturbance
upset disturbance
stew fret
sweat fret
lather fret
swither fret
pother dither
fuss dither
tizzy dither
flap dither
blue_devils blues
megrims blues
vapors blues
vapours blues
blue_funk funk
mopes dumps
scare panic
tantrum fit
scene fit
conniption fit
annoyance irritation
vexation irritation
botheration irritation
miff huff
seeing_red huff
impatience restlessness
spell enchantment
trance enchantment
captivation fascination
quandary predicament
plight predicament
box corner
hole fix
jam fix
mess fix
muddle fix
pickle fix
kettle_of_fish fix
dog's_dinner dog's_breakfast
rough_sledding hard_time
strain stress
job problem
acknowledgment recognition
acknowledgement recognition
favorable_reception approval
favourable_reception approval
content contentedness
renunciation apostasy
defection apostasy
disfavour disfavor
exclusion excommunication
censure excommunication
distinctness discreteness
separateness discreteness
severalty discreteness
purdah solitude
solitariness loneliness
insularity insulation
insularism insulation
detachment insulation
estrangement alienation
anomy anomie
privateness privacy
secrecy privacy
concealment privacy
covertness hiddenness
disassociation dissociation
compartmentalisation compartmentalization
disjuncture disjunction
disconnection disjunction
disconnectedness disjunction
incoherency incoherence
unification union
fusion coalition
confederation alliance
federalisation federalization
link connection
connectedness connection
interconnectedness interconnection
coherency coherence
cohesion coherence
cohesiveness coherence
conjunction junction
conjugation junction
colligation junction
melioration improvement
declination decline
disuse neglect
restoration renovation
refurbishment renovation
matureness maturity
parentage parenthood
muliebrity womanhood
immatureness immaturity
post-menopause post-maturity
jejuneness callowness
juvenility callowness
prematurity prematureness
puerility childhood
babyhood infancy
ostracism banishment
Coventry banishment
level grade
tier grade
step gradation
GCSE general_certificate_of_secondary_education
O_level general_certificate_of_secondary_education
military_rating military_rank
paygrade military_rank
rating military_rank
noblesse nobility
barony baronetcy
viscounty viscountcy
spotlight limelight
glare limelight
public_eye limelight
saliency salience
strikingness salience
profile visibility
grandness importance
accent emphasis
focus stress
distinction eminence
preeminence eminence
note eminence
prestigiousness prestige
namelessness anonymity
unimportance humbleness
obscureness humbleness
lowliness humbleness
limbo oblivion
honour honor
laurels honor
glorification glory
celebrity fame
renown fame
regard esteem
respect esteem
reputation repute
ill_fame notoriety
dishonour dishonor
discredit disrepute
disgrace shame
ignominy shame
degradation abasement
abjection abasement
degeneration degeneracy
decadence degeneracy
decadency degeneracy
opprobrium infamy
opprobrium obloquy
ascendance dominance
ascendence dominance
ascendancy dominance
ascendency dominance
control dominance
ascendent ascendant
mastery domination
supremacy domination
predomination predominance
prepotency predominance
rule dominion
sovereignty reign
sceptre scepter
tyranny absolutism
despotism absolutism
curse bane
scourge bane
nemesis bane
comfortableness comfort
ease relief
respite reprieve
solacement solace
cosiness coziness
snugness coziness
uncomfortableness discomfort
incommodiousness inconvenience
unease malaise
uneasiness malaise
katzenjammer hangover
well-being wellbeing
welfare wellbeing
upbeat wellbeing
eudaemonia wellbeing
eudaimonia wellbeing
wellness health
wretchedness misery
miserableness misery
woe suffering
demand need
deficiency lack
want lack
famine dearth
shortage dearth
tightness stringency
haste hurry
insistence imperativeness
insistency imperativeness
press imperativeness
pressure imperativeness
criticalness criticality
cruciality criticality
satiety repletion
satiation repletion
excess surfeit
overabundance surfeit
acariosis acariasis
acaridiasis acariasis
hydatid_disease echinococcosis
hydatidosis echinococcosis
hookworm_disease hookworm
river_blindness onchocerciasis
lousiness pediculosis
head_lice pediculosis_capitis
crabs pediculosis_pubis
void nothingness
nullity nothingness
nihility nothingness
vacuity vacuum
nudity nakedness
nudeness nakedness
altogether raw
birthday_suit raw
phalacrosis baldness
depilation hairlessness
male_pattern_baldness male-patterned_baldness
deshabille dishabille
saving_grace grace
state_of_grace grace
eternal_damnation damnation
flawlessness perfection
ne_plus_ultra perfection
refinement polish
culture polish
cultivation polish
finish polish
unity integrity
wholeness integrity
entireness entirety
integrality entirety
totality entirety
fullness comprehensiveness
whole_kit_and_caboodle whole_shebang
kit_and_caboodle whole_shebang
whole_kit_and_boodle whole_shebang
kit_and_boodle whole_shebang
whole_kit whole_shebang
whole_caboodle whole_shebang
whole_works whole_shebang
works whole_shebang
full_treatment whole_shebang
rawness incompleteness
imperfectness imperfection
weakness failing
hamartia tragic_flaw
inadequacy insufficiency
fault defect
flaw defect
glitch bug
congenital_anomaly birth_defect
congenital_defect birth_defect
congenital_disorder birth_defect
congenital_abnormality birth_defect
hydrocephaly hydrocephalus
seal_limbs phocomelia
hermaphrodism hermaphroditism
Fallot's_tetralogy tetralogy_of_fallot
Fallot's_syndrome tetralogy_of_fallot
toxic_shock_syndrome toxic_shock
TSS toxic_shock
rachischisis spina_bifida
schistorrhachis spina_bifida
hyperdactyly polydactyly
syndactylism syndactyly
ankyloglossia tongue_tie
faultiness defectiveness
crudity crudeness
primitiveness crudeness
primitivism crudeness
rudeness crudeness
destiny fortune
fate fortune
luck fortune
lot fortune
circumstances fortune
portion fortune
luckiness good_fortune
good_luck good_fortune
successfulness prosperity
boon blessing
bad_luck misfortune
tough_luck misfortune
ill_luck misfortune
hardship adversity
hard_knocks adversity
sewer gutter
toilet gutter
disaster catastrophe
crown_of_thorns cross
failure bankruptcy
state state_of_matter
form phase
liquidness liquid
liquidity liquid
liquid_state liquid
solidness solid
solid_state solid
gaseous_state gas
possibleness possibility
conceivability conceivableness
attainability achievability
attainableness achievability
potentiality potential
potency potential
chance prospect
impossibleness impossibility
inconceivableness inconceivability
chance opportunity
clean_slate fresh_start
tabula_rasa fresh_start
audience hearing
crack shot
expectation anticipation
desperation despair
low-water_mark nadir
pureness purity
impureness impurity
debasement adulteration
alloy admixture
taint contamination
liquidity_crisis credit_crunch
squeeze credit_crunch
slump depression
economic_crisis depression
liability indebtedness
financial_obligation indebtedness
payable account_payable
wealthiness wealth
richness affluence
comfort ease
luxuriousness luxury
opulence luxury
sumptuousness luxury
old_money silver_spoon
poorness poverty
impoverishment poverty
want privation
deprivation privation
neediness privation
need indigence
penury indigence
pauperism indigence
pauperization indigence
mendicancy beggary
mendicity beggary
pennilessness impecuniousness
penuriousness impecuniousness
antisepsis asepsis
sterility asepsis
sterileness asepsis
filthiness filth
foulness filth
nastiness filth
immaculateness spotlessness
order orderliness
kelter kilter
spruceness neatness
trimness trim
uncleanness dirtiness
filth dirt
grime dirt
soil dirt
stain dirt
grease dirt
grunge dirt
defilement befoulment
pollution befoulment
dinge dinginess
grubbiness griminess
sootiness smuttiness
squalor sordidness
squalidness sordidness
disorder disorderliness
slovenliness sloppiness
unkemptness sloppiness
messiness mess
muss mess
mussiness mess
disorganisation disorganization
disarrangement disorganization
jumble clutter
muddle clutter
fuddle clutter
mare's_nest clutter
welter clutter
smother clutter
normalcy normality
expectedness commonness
abnormalcy abnormality
untypicality atypicality
fixation arrested_development
infantile_fixation arrested_development
regression arrested_development
aberrancy aberrance
aberration aberrance
deviance aberrance
chromosomal_anomaly chromosomal_aberration
chrosomal_abnormality chromosomal_aberration
chromosonal_disorder chromosomal_aberration
warp deflection
humpback kyphosis
hunchback kyphosis
hollow-back lordosis
anomalousness anomaly
crossed_eye cross-eye
convergent_strabismus cross-eye
esotropia cross-eye
nanism dwarfism
lactase_deficiency lactose_intolerance
milk_intolerance lactose_intolerance
PKU phenylketonuria
blockage obstruction
ileus intestinal_obstruction
tamponage tamponade
ateliosis ateleiosis
megacephaly macrocephaly
megalocephaly macrocephaly
microcephalus microcephaly
nanocephaly microcephaly
toxic_condition poisoning
intoxication poisoning
caffeine_intoxication caffeinism
circumstance context
setting context
background setting
scope setting
canvass canvas
surroundings milieu
domain sphere
area sphere
orbit sphere
field sphere
arena sphere
lotus_land lotusland
land kingdom
realm kingdom
political_sphere political_arena
responsibility province
show_window showcase
acid_precipitation acid_rain
miasm miasma
smogginess smog
sound_pollution noise_pollution
clime climate
atmospheric_state atmosphere
depression low
fogginess fog
murk fog
murkiness fog
clemency mildness
softness balminess
windlessness stillness
quiet lull
inclemency bad_weather
inclementness bad_weather
windiness breeziness
roughness choppiness
rough_water choppiness
cloud_cover cloudiness
overcast cloudiness
mood climate
ambiance atmosphere
ambience atmosphere
gloominess gloom
glumness gloom
desolation bleakness
bareness bleakness
nakedness bleakness
miasm miasma
tone spirit
feel spirit
feeling spirit
flavor spirit
flavour spirit
look spirit
smell spirit
immunity unsusceptibility
resistance immunity
innate_immunity natural_immunity
freedom exemption
susceptibleness susceptibility
rateability ratability
capacity capability
retroflection retroversion
retroflexion retroversion
predisposition sensitivity
sensitisation sensitization
atopy immediate_allergy
atopic_allergy immediate_allergy
type_I_allergic_reaction immediate_allergy
serum_disease serum_sickness
type_IV_allergic_reaction delayed_allergy
allergic_reaction allergy
cryaesthesia cryesthesia
pollinosis hay_fever
muddiness wateriness
sloppiness wateriness
wet moisture
humidness humidity
dampness damp
moistness damp
clamminess dankness
waterlessness dryness
xerotes dryness
desiccation dehydration
drouth drought
aridness aridity
thirstiness aridity
xerodermia xeroderma
xerophthalmus xerophthalmia
xeroma xerophthalmia
conjunctivitis_arida xerophthalmia
dry_mouth xerostomia
impregnability invulnerability
public_security peace
insurance indemnity
shelter protection
killer cause_of_death
perilousness hazardousness
jeopardy hazard
peril hazard
risk hazard
endangerment hazard
threat menace
peril riskiness
exposure vulnerability
tensity tension
tenseness tension
tautness tension
tonus tonicity
tone tonicity
muscle_tone muscular_tonus
Thomsen's_disease myotonia_congenita
atony atonicity
atonia atonicity
amyotonia atonicity
laxity laxness
shape condition
physical_fitness fitness
fitness seaworthiness
softness unfitness
frailty infirmity
debility infirmity
feebleness infirmity
frailness infirmity
valetudinarianism infirmity
astheny asthenia
cachexy cachexia
wasting cachexia
disablement disability
handicap disability
impairment disability
ataxic_abasia atactic_abasia
limping lameness
gimp lameness
gimpiness lameness
gameness lameness
claudication lameness
hearing_disorder hearing_impairment
hearing_loss deafness
conduction_deafness conductive_hearing_loss
middle-ear_deafness conductive_hearing_loss
hyperacusia hyperacusis
auditory_hyperesthesia hyperacusis
nerve_deafness sensorineural_hearing_loss
tin_ear tone_deafness
deaf-muteness deaf-mutism
muteness mutism
visual_defect visual_impairment
vision_defect visual_impairment
visual_disorder visual_impairment
nearsightedness myopia
shortsightedness myopia
astigmia astigmatism
hypermetropia hyperopia
hypermetropy hyperopia
farsightedness hyperopia
longsightedness hyperopia
day_blindness hemeralopia
hemianopsia hemianopia
night_blindness nyctalopia
moon_blindness nyctalopia
farsightedness presbyopia
snow-blindness snowblindness
detachment_of_the_retina retinal_detachment
detached_retina retinal_detachment
flittering_scotoma scintillating_scotoma
squint strabismus
divergent_strabismus walleye
exotropia walleye
wryneck torticollis
disfunction dysfunction
palsy paralysis
descensus_uteri metroptosis
nephroptosia nephroptosis
prolapsus prolapse
descensus prolapse
unilateral_paralysis hemiplegia
hypesthesia hypoesthesia
genu_valgum knock-knee
tibia_valga knock-knee
bow_legs bow_leg
bandy_legs bow_leg
rot putrefaction
putridness putrescence
rottenness putrescence
corruption putrescence
disintegration decomposition
impairment deterioration
desolation devastation
ruination ruin
dilapidation decrepitude
destruction end
death end
wickedness iniquity
darkness iniquity
dark iniquity
illumination light
annulment revocation
dermatosclerosis scleroderma
idiopathic_thrombocytopenic_purpura thrombocytopenic_purpura
purpura_hemorrhagica thrombocytopenic_purpura
Werlhof's_disease thrombocytopenic_purpura
xanthemia carotenemia
NGU nongonococcal_urethritis
NSU nonspecific_urethritis
spirillum_fever sodoku
Wilson's_disease hepatolenticular_degeneration
polyvalency polyvalence
polyvalency polyvalence
multivalence polyvalence
multivalency polyvalence
orphanhood orphanage
viraemia viremia
brutalisation brutalization
hypertonus hypertonia
hypertonicity hypertonia
hypotonus hypotonia
hypotonicity hypotonia
ionisation ionization
mechanisation mechanization
scandalisation scandalization
urbanisation urbanization
stuff material
philosophers'_stone philosopher's_stone
elixir philosopher's_stone
dross impurity
actinide actinoid
actinon actinoid
pyrectic pyrogen
alcapton alkapton
homogentisic_acid alkapton
molecule atom
particle atom
corpuscle atom
mote atom
speck atom
floc floccule
metal alloy
Botox botulinum_toxin_a
dispersed_particles dispersed_phase
dispersion_medium dispersing_phase
dispersing_medium dispersing_phase
Ringer_solution ringer's_solution
saline saline_solution
colloidal_gel gel
colloidal_solution sol
colloidal_suspension sol
ABS acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene
plasticiser plasticizer
thermoplastic_resin thermoplastic
acrylic_resin acrylic
acrylate_resin acrylic
Perspex lucite
plexiglass plexiglas
polythene polyethylene
acetyl_group acetyl
acetyl_radical acetyl
ethanoyl_group acetyl
ethanoyl_radical acetyl
acyl_group acyl
alcohol_radical alcohol_group
aldehyde_radical aldehyde_group
PVA polyvinyl_acetate
PVC polyvinyl_chloride
cinnamene styrene
phenylethylene styrene
vinylbenzene styrene
thermosetting_resin thermosetting_compositions
polytetrafluoroethylene teflon
staple raw_material
sorbent_material sorbent
absorbent absorbent_material
adsorbent_material adsorbent
acaracide acaricide
accaroid_resin acaroid_resin
accroides acaroid_resin
accroides_resin acaroid_resin
accroides_gum acaroid_resin
gum_accroides acaroid_resin
ethanoic_acid acetic_acid
ethanoate acetate
DDT dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane
lead_tetraethyl tetraethyl_lead
propanone acetone
dimethyl_ketone acetone
ethyne acetylene
alkyne acetylene
haloalkane alkyl_halide
aminoalkanoic_acid amino_acid
CFC chlorofluorocarbon
CS_gas chlorobenzylidenemalononitrile
CN_gas chloroacetophenone
dihydroxyphenylalanine dopa
levodopa l-dopa
Bendopa l-dopa
Brocadopa l-dopa
Larodopa l-dopa
GABA gamma_aminobutyric_acid
glutaminic_acid glutamic_acid
Molisch's_test alpha-naphthol_test
Molisch_test alpha-naphthol_test
Molisch_reaction alpha-naphthol_test
hexacosanoic_acid cerotic_acid
adipic_acid hexanedioic_acid
5-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme_A_reductase hmg-coa_reductase
azoimide hydrazoic_acid
hydrogen_azide hydrazoic_acid
HN hydrazoic_acid
HCFC hydrochlorofluorocarbon
prussic_acid hydrocyanic_acid
phosphorous_acid hypophosphorous_acid
orthophosphorous_acid hypophosphorous_acid
pyrogallic_acid pyrogallol
2-methylpropenoic_acid methacrylic_acid
octanedioic_acid suberic_acid
sulphonic_acid sulfonic_acid
titanium_oxide titanium_dioxide
titanic_oxide titanium_dioxide
titania titanium_dioxide
adulterator adulterant
alkyl_group alkyl
alkyl_radical alkyl
allyl_group allyl
allyl_radical allyl
amino_group amino
anionic anionic_detergent
non-ionic_detergent anionic_detergent
alkali base
chelate_compound chelate
tribromomethane bromoform
trifluoromethane fluoroform
tri-iodomethane iodoform
azido_radical azido_group
azo_radical azo_group
radical group
chemical_group group
buckyball buckminsterfullerene
nanotube carbon_nanotube
benzyl_group benzyl
benzyl_radical benzyl
benzoyl_radical benzoyl_group
element chemical_element
inert_gas noble_gas
argonon noble_gas
rare-earth_element rare_earth
lanthanoid rare_earth
lanthanide rare_earth
lanthanon rare_earth
metal metallic_element
Ac actinium
atomic_number_89 actinium
aluminium aluminum
Al aluminum
atomic_number_13 aluminum
potassium_alum alum
potash_alum alum
ammonia_alum alum
ammonium_alum alum
Am americium
atomic_number_95 americium
Sb antimony
atomic_number_51 antimony
Ar argon
atomic_number_18 argon
As arsenic
atomic_number_33 arsenic
At astatine
atomic_number_85 astatine
Ba barium
atomic_number_56 barium
barium_oxide barium_monoxide
barium_protoxide barium_monoxide
barium_peroxide barium_dioxide
Bk berkelium
atomic_number_97 berkelium
Be beryllium
glucinium beryllium
atomic_number_4 beryllium
Bi bismuth
atomic_number_83 bismuth
Bh bohrium
element_107 bohrium
atomic_number_107 bohrium
B boron
atomic_number_5 boron
Br bromine
atomic_number_35 bromine
Cd cadmium
atomic_number_48 cadmium
Ca calcium
atomic_number_20 calcium
Cf californium
atomic_number_98 californium
C carbon
atomic_number_6 carbon
carbon_14 radiocarbon
Ce cerium
atomic_number_58 cerium
caesium cesium
Cs cesium
atomic_number_55 cesium
Cl chlorine
atomic_number_17 chlorine
Cr chromium
atomic_number_24 chromium
Co cobalt
atomic_number_27 cobalt
Cu copper
atomic_number_29 copper
Cm curium
atomic_number_96 curium
Ds darmstadtium
element_110 darmstadtium
atomic_number_110 darmstadtium
Db dubnium
hahnium dubnium
element_105 dubnium
atomic_number_105 dubnium
Dy dysprosium
atomic_number_66 dysprosium
Es einsteinium
E einsteinium
atomic_number_99 einsteinium
Er erbium
atomic_number_68 erbium
Eu europium
atomic_number_63 europium
Fm fermium
atomic_number_100 fermium
F fluorine
atomic_number_9 fluorine
Fr francium
atomic_number_87 francium
Gd gadolinium
atomic_number_64 gadolinium
Ga gallium
atomic_number_31 gallium
Ge germanium
atomic_number_32 germanium
Au gold
atomic_number_79 gold
pure_gold 24-karat_gold
Hf hafnium
atomic_number_72 hafnium
Hs hassium
element_108 hassium
atomic_number_108 hassium
He helium
atomic_number_2 helium
Ho holmium
atomic_number_67 holmium
H hydrogen
atomic_number_1 hydrogen
acid_hydrogen acidic_hydrogen
heavy_hydrogen deuterium
In indium
atomic_number_49 indium
iodin iodine
I iodine
atomic_number_53 iodine
Ir iridium
atomic_number_77 iridium
Fe iron
atomic_number_26 iron
Kr krypton
atomic_number_36 krypton
La lanthanum
atomic_number_57 lanthanum
Lr lawrencium
atomic_number_103 lawrencium
Pb lead
atomic_number_82 lead
Li lithium
atomic_number_3 lithium
lutecium lutetium
Lu lutetium
atomic_number_71 lutetium
Mg magnesium
atomic_number_12 magnesium
Mn manganese
atomic_number_25 manganese
Mt meitnerium
element_109 meitnerium
atomic_number_109 meitnerium
Md mendelevium
Mv mendelevium
atomic_number_101 mendelevium
quicksilver mercury
hydrargyrum mercury
Hg mercury
atomic_number_80 mercury
Mo molybdenum
atomic_number_42 molybdenum
Nd neodymium
atomic_number_60 neodymium
Ne neon
atomic_number_10 neon
Np neptunium
atomic_number_93 neptunium
Ni nickel
atomic_number_28 nickel
Nb niobium
atomic_number_41 niobium
N nitrogen
atomic_number_7 nitrogen
No nobelium
atomic_number_102 nobelium
Os osmium
atomic_number_76 osmium
O oxygen
atomic_number_8 oxygen
LOX liquid_oxygen
Pd palladium
atomic_number_46 palladium
P phosphorus
atomic_number_15 phosphorus
Pt platinum
atomic_number_78 platinum
Pu plutonium
atomic_number_94 plutonium
weapon-grade_plutonium weapons_plutonium
Po polonium
atomic_number_84 polonium
K potassium
atomic_number_19 potassium
Pr praseodymium
atomic_number_59 praseodymium
Pm promethium
atomic_number_61 promethium
protoactinium protactinium
Pa protactinium
atomic_number_91 protactinium
Ra radium
atomic_number_88 radium
Rn radon
atomic_number_86 radon
Re rhenium
atomic_number_75 rhenium
Rh rhodium
atomic_number_45 rhodium
Rg roentgenium
element_111 roentgenium
atomic_number_111 roentgenium
Rb rubidium
atomic_number_37 rubidium
Ru ruthenium
atomic_number_44 ruthenium
Rf rutherfordium
unnilquadium rutherfordium
Unq rutherfordium
element_104 rutherfordium
atomic_number_104 rutherfordium
Sm samarium
atomic_number_62 samarium
Sc scandium
atomic_number_21 scandium
Sg seaborgium
element_106 seaborgium
atomic_number_106 seaborgium
Se selenium
atomic_number_34 selenium
Si silicon
atomic_number_14 silicon
Ag silver
atomic_number_47 silver
Na sodium
atomic_number_11 sodium
Sr strontium
atomic_number_38 strontium
S sulfur
sulphur sulfur
atomic_number_16 sulfur
Ta tantalum
atomic_number_73 tantalum
Tc technetium
atomic_number_43 technetium
Te tellurium
atomic_number_52 tellurium
Tb terbium
atomic_number_65 terbium
Tl thallium
atomic_number_81 thallium
Th thorium
atomic_number_90 thorium
radiothorium thorium-228
Tm thulium
atomic_number_69 thulium
Sn tin
atomic_number_50 tin
Ti titanium
atomic_number_22 titanium
wolfram tungsten
W tungsten
atomic_number_74 tungsten
Uub ununbium
element_112 ununbium
atomic_number_112 ununbium
Uuh ununhexium
element_116 ununhexium
atomic_number_116 ununhexium
Uup ununpentium
element_115 ununpentium
atomic_number_115 ununpentium
Uuq ununquadium
element_114 ununquadium
atomic_number_114 ununquadium
Uut ununtrium
element_113 ununtrium
atomic_number_113 ununtrium
U uranium
atomic_number_92 uranium
V vanadium
atomic_number_23 vanadium
Xe xenon
atomic_number_54 xenon
Yb ytterbium
atomic_number_70 ytterbium
Y yttrium
atomic_number_39 yttrium
Zn zinc
atomic_number_30 zinc
Zr zirconium
atomic_number_40 zirconium
earth_wax ader_wax
mineral_wax ader_wax
ozokerite ader_wax
ozocerite ader_wax
oriental_alabaster alabaster
onyx_marble alabaster
Mexican_onyx alabaster
mispickel arsenopyrite
mineral_pitch asphalt
bastnaesite bastnasite
bone_char bone_black
animal_black bone_black
animal_charcoal bone_black
peacock_ore bornite
white_lead_ore cerussite
copper_glance chalcocite
copper_pyrites chalcopyrite
china_stone china_clay
kaolin china_clay
kaoline china_clay
porcelain_clay china_clay
terra_alba china_clay
cobalt_ultramarine cobalt_blue
common_salt sodium_chloride
rock_salt halite
coltan columbite-tantalite
corundum corundom
Greenland_spar cryolite
bitter_spar dolomite
cobalt_bloom erythrite
fluorspar fluorite
fluor fluorite
ytterbite gadolinite
almandine almandite
gothite goethite
crackling greaves
cadmium_sulphide greenockite
barite heavy_spar
barytes heavy_spar
barium_sulphate heavy_spar
calamine hemimorphite
cyanite kyanite
mineral_tar maltha
sepiolite meerschaum
isinglass mica
nephelite nepheline
columbite niobite
wood_coal charcoal
diesel_fuel diesel_oil
heating_oil fuel_oil
gasolene gasoline
gas gasoline
petrol gasoline
leaded_petrol leaded_gasoline
kerosine kerosene
lamp_oil kerosene
coal_oil kerosene
methyl_alcohol methanol
wood_alcohol methanol
wood_spirit methanol
oreide oroide
iridosmine osmiridium
ethanal_trimer paraldehyde
magnesia periclase
magnesium_oxide periclase
zymogen proenzyme
propellent propellant
rocket_propellant rocket_fuel
rocket_propellent rocket_fuel
iron_pyrite pyrite
fool's_gold pyrite
green_lead_ore pyromorphite
pyrrhotine pyrrhotite
magnetic_pyrites pyrrhotite
transparent_quartz rock_crystal
smoky_quartz cairngorm
regur_soil regur
residual_clay residual_soil
surface_soil topsoil
undersoil subsoil
ricin_toxin ricin
stone rock
marlstone marlite
crushed_rock gravel
hornstone hornfels
pit-run_gravel bank_gravel
pit_run bank_gravel
gemstone gem
stone gem
pumice_stone pumice
gritrock grit
gritstone grit
stannic_sulfide mosaic_gold
adhesive_agent adhesive_material
adhesive adhesive_material
lime birdlime
gum glue
mucilage glue
library_paste paste
sealer sealant
luting lute
sizing size
A adenine
ADA adenosine_deaminase
AMP adenosine_monophosphate
adenylic_acid adenosine_monophosphate
ADP adenosine_diphosphate
ATP adenosine_triphosphate
daminozide alar
ethanol ethyl_alcohol
fermentation_alcohol ethyl_alcohol
grain_alcohol ethyl_alcohol
isopropanol isopropyl_alcohol
ethyl_group ethyl
ethyl_radical ethyl
ethanal acetaldehyde
ethanamide acetamide
aldehyde-alcohol aldol
alkaline_metal alkali_metal
alkaline-earth_metal alkaline_earth
olefine alkene
olefin alkene
Ergotrate_Maleate ergonovine
Clostridium_perfringens_epsilon_toxin epsilon_toxin
alloy_cast_iron alloy_iron
dental_amalgam amalgam
Monell_metal monel_metal
bearing_metal white_metal
propenyl_alcohol allyl_alcohol
Muntz_metal alpha-beta_brass
yellow_metal alpha-beta_brass
xanthophyl xanthophyll
lutein xanthophyll
aluminium_bronze aluminum_bronze
accelerator catalyst
sensitiser sensitizer
deuterium_oxide heavy_water
gelatine gelatin
compound_protein conjugated_protein
albumen albumin
CRP c-reactive_protein
ceratin keratin
NGF nerve_growth_factor
iodinated_protein iodoprotein
angiotensin-converting_enzyme angiotensin_converting_enzyme
ACE angiotensin_converting_enzyme
PSA prostate_specific_antigen
tumour_necrosis_factor tumor_necrosis_factor
TNF tumor_necrosis_factor
Cox cyclooxygenase
Cox-1 cyclooxygenase-1
Cox-2 cyclooxygenase-2
aminoalkane amine
decanedioic_acid sebacic_acid
pentanoic_acid valeric_acid
omega-3 omega-3_fatty_acid
omega-6 omega-6_fatty_acid
heptadecanoic_acid margaric_acid
aminoplast amino_plastic
amino_resin amino_plastic
ammonia ammonia_water
ammonium_hydroxide ammonia_water
gum_ammoniac ammoniac
ammonium_ion ammonium
sal_ammoniac ammonium_chloride
plant_hormone phytohormone
growth_regulator phytohormone
cytokinin kinin
steroid steroid_hormone
sex_hormone steroid_hormone
Lipo-Lutin progesterone
megestrol_acetate megestrol
norethindrone_acetate norethindrone
norethandrolone norethindrone
Norlutin norethindrone
Provera medroxyprogesterone
progestogen progestin
androgenic_hormone androgen
Durabolin nandrolone
Kabolin nandrolone
FSH follicle-stimulating_hormone
human_chorionic_gonadotrophin human_chorionic_gonadotropin
HCG human_chorionic_gonadotropin
LH luteinizing_hormone
interstitial_cell-stimulating_hormone luteinizing_hormone
ICSH luteinizing_hormone
lactogenic_hormone prolactin
luteotropin prolactin
oestrogen estrogen
diethylstilboestrol diethylstilbestrol
stilbestrol diethylstilbestrol
stilboestrol diethylstilbestrol
DES diethylstilbestrol
oestradiol estradiol
oestriol estriol
oestrone estrone
theelin estrone
Estronol estrone
corticoid corticosteroid
adrenal_cortical_steroid corticosteroid
cortisol hydrocortisone
Hydrocortone hydrocortisone
Cortef hydrocortisone
Cortone_Acetate cortisone
Pediapred prednisolone
Prelone prednisolone
Orasone prednisone
Deltasone prednisone
Liquid_Pred prednisone
Meticorten prednisone
Decadron dexamethasone
Dexamethasone_Intensol dexamethasone
Dexone dexamethasone
Hexadrol dexamethasone
Oradexon dexamethasone
Aldactone spironolactone
aniline_oil aniline
aminobenzine aniline
phenylamine aniline
indigo anil
indigotin anil
hematoidin bilirubin
haematoidin bilirubin
stercobilinogen urobilinogen
dentin dentine
tusk ivory
osseous_tissue bone
baleen whalebone
nacre mother-of-pearl
sheepskin parchment
lambskin parchment
fell hide
caffein caffeine
calfskin calf
whit_leather white_leather
cassava_starch cassava
manioc cassava
manioca cassava
chamois_leather chamois
chammy chamois
chammy_leather chamois
shammy chamois
shammy_leather chamois
cowskin cowhide
crush crushed_leather
kidskin kid
Levant_morocco levant
fleece sheepskin
suede_leather suede
pelt fur
beaver_fur beaver
rabbit lapin
muskrat_fur muskrat
sealskin seal
gum_anime anime
aqua_fortis nitric_acid
nitrohydrochloric_acid aqua_regia
arsenic_trioxide arsenic
arsenous_anhydride arsenic
arsenous_oxide arsenic
white_arsenic arsenic
ratsbane arsenic
asafoetida asafetida
rock_wool mineral_wool
crystal_violet gentian_violet
methylthionine_chloride methylene_blue
thiodiphenylamine phenothiazine
babbitt babbitt_metal
bacteriacide bactericide
malonylurea barbituric_acid
barium_sulfate barium_sulphate
blanc_fixe barium_sulphate
basic_color basic_dye
basic_colour basic_dye
electrolyte_acid battery_acid
ambrosia beebread
benzine benzene
benzol benzene
benzene_ring benzene_formula
benzene_nucleus benzene_formula
Kekule_formula benzene_formula
sodium_benzoate benzoate_of_soda
hydrogen_carbonate bicarbonate
sodium_hydrogen_carbonate bicarbonate_of_soda
sodium_bicarbonate bicarbonate_of_soda
baking_soda bicarbonate_of_soda
saleratus bicarbonate_of_soda
binder_board binder's_board
active active_agent
Prevacid lansoprazole
Prilosec omeprazole
gastric_antacid antacid
alkalizer antacid
alkaliser antacid
antiacid antacid
bleach bleaching_agent
blanching_agent bleaching_agent
whitener bleaching_agent
drying_agent desiccant
drier desiccant
siccative desiccant
oxidizer oxidant
oxidiser oxidant
oxidizing_agent oxidant
reducer reducing_agent
reductant reducing_agent
bleaching_earth bleaching_clay
chlorinated_lime bleaching_powder
chloride_of_lime bleaching_powder
peroxide hydrogen_peroxide
heliotrope bloodstone
blotter blotting_paper
blowing_gas blow_gas
blue_copperas blue_vitriol
blue_stone blue_vitriol
chalcanthite blue_vitriol
bond_paper bond
Dippel's_oil bone_oil
boracic_acid boric_acid
orthoboric_acid boric_acid
native_sulfur brimstone
native_sulphur brimstone
PBS phosphate_buffer_solution
butene butylene
polybutene polybutylene
methyl_ethyl_ketone butanone
butanol butyl_alcohol
butanoic_acid butyric_acid
cacodyl_group cacodyl
cacodyl_radical cacodyl
arsenic_group cacodyl
tetramethyldiarsine cacodyl
cyanamide calcium-cyanamide
quicklime calcium_oxide
lime calcium_oxide
calx calcium_oxide
calcined_lime calcium_oxide
fluxing_lime calcium_oxide
unslaked_lime calcium_oxide
burnt_lime calcium_oxide
calcium_octadecanoate calcium_stearate
carboxyl_group carboxyl
cannabis_resin cannabin
decanoic_acid capric_acid
hexanoic_acid caproic_acid
saccharide carbohydrate
sugar carbohydrate
black_diamond carbonado
lampblack carbon_black
soot carbon_black
smut carbon_black
crock carbon_black
DEAE_cellulose diethylaminoethyl_cellulose
nitrocellulose cellulose_nitrate
guncotton cellulose_nitrate
nitrocotton cellulose_nitrate
pyroxyline pyroxylin
animal_starch glycogen
phenol carbolic_acid
hydroxybenzene carbolic_acid
oxybenzene carbolic_acid
phenylic_acid carbolic_acid
activated_charcoal activated_carbon
black_lead graphite
plumbago graphite
CO2 carbon_dioxide
carbonic_acid_gas carbon_dioxide
blackdamp chokedamp
carbon_monoxide_gas carbon_monoxide
CO carbon_monoxide
carbon carbon_paper
carbon_tet carbon_tetrachloride
tetrachloromethane carbon_tetrachloride
perchloromethane carbon_tetrachloride
fulminate_of_mercury mercury_fulminate
fulminating_mercury mercury_fulminate
abradant abrasive
abrasive_material abrasive
composition_board cardboard
thiamine_pyrophosphate cocarboxylase
corrugated_cardboard corrugated_board
poster_board paperboard
posterboard paperboard
cornelian carnelian
carrageenan carrageenin
stainless stainless_steel
chromium_steel stainless_steel
Damask_steel damascus_steel
wire_wool steel_wool
invert_soap cationic_detergent
ferroconcrete reinforced_concrete
Portland_cement hydraulic_cement
iron_carbide cementite
husk chaff
shuck chaff
stalk chaff
straw chaff
stubble chaff
calcedony chalcedony
chemical_substance chemical
5-hydroxytryptamine serotonin
acid_anhydrides acyl_anhydrides
acid_halide acyl_halide
ethanoyl_chloride acetyl_chloride
nitrochloroform chloropicrin
Elinvar chrome-nickel_steel
rolling_paper cigarette_paper
terra_alba pipeclay
potter's_earth potter's_clay
anthracite_coal anthracite
hard_coal anthracite
soft_coal bituminous_coal
brown_coal lignite
wood_coal lignite
coagulator coagulant
cod_liver_oil cod-liver_oil
wool_fat lanolin
wool_grease lanolin
combustible_material combustible
cDNA complementary_dna
coordination_compound complex
chemical_compound compound
conjugate conjugate_solution
Eureka constantan
semiconducting_material semiconductor
dielectric insulator
nonconductor insulator
contamination contaminant
copper_sulphate copper_sulfate
cupric_sulfate copper_sulfate
cupric_sulphate copper_sulfate
red_coral coral
precious_coral coral
cork phellem
aluminum_oxide alumina
aluminium_oxide alumina
aluminium_hydroxide aluminum_hydroxide
hydrated_aluminum_oxide aluminum_hydroxide
hydrated_aluminium_oxide aluminum_hydroxide
cotton_cake cottonseed_cake
coumarone_resin coumarone-indene_resin
creatin creatine
coal-tar_creosote creosote
methyl_phenol cresol
crepe_paper crepe
cyanamid cyanamide
cyano_radical cyano_group
cyanide_group cyano_group
cyanide_radical cyano_group
nitril nitrile
cyanide nitrile
C cytosine
A deoxyadenosine_monophosphate
C deoxycytidine_monophosphate
G deoxyguanosine_monophosphate
T deoxythymidine_monophosphate
desoxyribonucleic_acid deoxyribonucleic_acid
DNA deoxyribonucleic_acid
coding_DNA exon
noncoding_DNA intron
recombinant_DNA recombinant_deoxyribonucleic_acid
jumping_gene transposon
ribonucleinase ribonuclease
RNase ribonuclease
RNA ribonucleic_acid
mRNA messenger_rna
template_RNA messenger_rna
informational_RNA messenger_rna
nRNA nuclear_rna
tRNA transfer_rna
acceptor_RNA transfer_rna
soluble_RNA transfer_rna
desertic_soil desert_soil
adamant diamond
diluent dilutant
thinner dilutant
pregnant_chad dimpled_chad
dimple dimpled_chad
glycol diol
dihydric_alcohol diol
distillation distillate
exhaust_fumes exhaust
fumes exhaust
concentrate dressed_ore
drill_rod drill_steel
Dopastat dopamine
Intropin dopamine
drilling_fluid drilling_mud
particulate_matter particulate
exhalation halitus
ground earth
diatomite diatomaceous_earth
kieselguhr diatomaceous_earth
bistre bister
ochre ocher
sinopia sinopis
sinoper sinopis
yellow_ochre yellow_ocher
dirt soil
hardpan caliche
H2O water
ether quintessence
spring_water ground_water
well_water ground_water
elaeostearic_acid eleostearic_acid
formol formalin
mouthwash gargle
extract infusion
injectant injection
isosmotic_solution isotonic_solution
sandpaper emery_paper
emery_rock emery_stone
C2H6 ethane
ethene ethylene
trichloroethane trichloroethylene
TCE trichloroethylene
EDTA ethylenediaminetetraacetic_acid
glycol ethylene_glycol
ethanediol ethylene_glycol
propanediol propylene_glycol
gum_eurphorbium euphorbium
emission discharge
exudation exudate
transudation transudate
excretion body_waste
excreta body_waste
excrement body_waste
excretory_product body_waste
faecal_matter fecal_matter
feces fecal_matter
faeces fecal_matter
BM fecal_matter
stool fecal_matter
ordure fecal_matter
dejection fecal_matter
dirt crap
shit crap
shite crap
poop crap
turd crap
dung droppings
muck droppings
cowpie cow_pie
melaena melena
piss urine
pee urine
piddle urine
weewee urine
water urine
vomitus vomit
puke vomit
barf vomit
waste_material waste
waste_matter waste
waste_product waste
crud filth
skank filth
sewerage sewage
wastewater effluent
sewer_water effluent
refuse garbage
food_waste garbage
scraps garbage
trash rubbish
scrap rubbish
dust debris
junk debris
rubble debris
detritus debris
toxic_industrial_waste toxic_waste
radioactive_dust fallout
fencing fencing_material
fertiliser fertilizer
plant_food fertilizer
Flaxedil gallamine
organic_fertilizer organic
organic_fertiliser organic
soda_niter sodium_nitrate
potassium_acid_carbonate potassium_bicarbonate
potassium_hydrogen_carbonate potassium_bicarbonate
potassium_muriate potassium_chloride
potash_muriate potassium_chloride
K-Dur_20 potassium_chloride
Kaochlor potassium_chloride
K-lor potassium_chloride
Klorvess potassium_chloride
K-lyte potassium_chloride
saltpeter potassium_nitrate
saltpetre potassium_nitrate
niter potassium_nitrate
nitre potassium_nitrate
air_gas producer_gas
propanamide proprionamide
propanoic_acid propionic_acid
conglomerate pudding_stone
wood_vinegar pyroligneous_acid
leaf_lard leaf_fat
felspar feldspar
oligoclase plagioclase
white_feldspar albite
fibreglass fiberglass
fibre fiber
filament fibril
strand fibril
fill filling
girasol fire_opal
fish_oil fish-liver_oil
fixer fixing_agent
cotton_fiber cotton
cotton_wool cotton
hydrofluosilicic_acid fluosilicic_acid
methanal formaldehyde
preparation formulation
olibanum frankincense
gum_olibanum frankincense
thus frankincense
radical free_radical
fruit_sugar fructose
levulose fructose
laevulose fructose
furane furan
furfuran furan
furfuraldehyde furfural
brain_sugar galactose
gum_albanum galbanum
greenhouse_emission greenhouse_gas
bottled_gas liquefied_petroleum_gas
ghatti_gum ghatti
kraft_paper kraft
quartz quartz_glass
vitreous_silica quartz_glass
lechatelierite quartz_glass
crystal quartz_glass
milk_glass opal_glass
crown_glass optical_crown
optical_crown_glass optical_crown
flint_glass optical_flint
laminated_glass safety_glass
shatterproof_glass safety_glass
water_glass soluble_glass
sodium_silicate soluble_glass
enantiomer enantiomorph
dextroglucose dextrose
grape_sugar dextrose
blood_glucose blood_sugar
glutamic_oxaloacetic_transaminase glutamic_oxalacetic_transaminase
glyceric_aldehyde glyceraldehyde
acylglycerol glyceride
glycerin glycerol
glycerine glycerol
glycerole glycerite
glycerogel glycerogelatin
nitroglycerine nitroglycerin
trinitroglycerin nitroglycerin
glyceryl_trinitrate nitroglycerin
Nitrospan nitroglycerin
Nitrostat nitroglycerin
glycollic_acid glycolic_acid
hydroxyacetic_acid glycolic_acid
CD4 cluster_of_differentiation_4
CD8 cluster_of_differentiation_8
haemoprotein hemoprotein
fig_wax gondang_wax
globular_pearlite granular_pearlite
lubricator lubricant
lubricating_substance lubricant
lube lubricant
lubricating_oil grease
G guanine
volatile_oil essential_oil
atar attar
athar attar
ottar attar
rose_oil attar_of_roses
oil_of_cloves clove_oil
oil_of_turpentine turpentine
spirit_of_turpentine turpentine
turps turpentine
absinthe_oil wormwood_oil
rosin resin
copaline copalite
fossil_copal copalite
congo_gum congo_copal
kauri_copal kauri
kauri_resin kauri
kauri_gum kauri
gum_dammar dammar
damar dammar
dammar_resin dammar
anime zanzibar_copal
gum_terpentine turpentine
copaiba_balsam copaiba
balsam_capivi copaiba
gum_benzoin benzoin
benjamin benzoin
gum_benjamin benzoin
asa_dulcis benzoin
coumarone benzofuran
cumarone benzofuran
medium culture_medium
contrast_material contrast_medium
agar-agar agar
nutrient_agar agar
alginic_acid algin
chicle_gum chicle
gum_acacia gum_arabic
butea_gum gum_butea
butea_kino gum_butea
Bengal_kino gum_butea
gum_kino kino
kino_gum kino
karaya_gum sterculia_gum
synthetic_substance synthetic
alkyd_resin alkyd
phenolic phenolic_resin
phenoplast phenolic_resin
epoxy_resin epoxy
epoxy_glue epoxy
polyurethan polyurethane
polyurethane_foam polyfoam
essonite cinnamon_stone
hessonite cinnamon_stone
gumbo_soil gumbo
antimonial_lead hard_lead
haematite hematite
haemolysin hemolysin
erythrolysin hemolysin
erythrocytolysin hemolysin
weedkiller herbicide
weed_killer herbicide
HDL high-density_lipoprotein
alpha-lipoprotein high-density_lipoprotein
hot-work_steel high-speed_steel
hipped_tile hip_tile
jacinth hyacinth
hyalin hyaline
spreading_factor hyaluronidase
Hyazyme hyaluronidase
tar pitch
chlorohydric_acid hydrochloric_acid
HFC hydrofluorocarbon
sodium_thiosulphate hypo
sodium_thiosulfate hypo
hypoglycaemic_agent hypoglycemic_agent
hydrazo_radical hydrazo_group
hydroxyl_group hydroxyl
hydroxyl_radical hydroxyl
hydroxyl_ion hydroxide_ion
water_ice ice
hoar frost
hoarfrost frost
rime frost
perfect_gas ideal_gas
iminazole imidazole
glyoxaline imidazole
drawing_ink india_ink
printing_ink printer's_ink
IAA indoleacetic_acid
inoculum inoculant
insect_powder insecticide
insect_repellent insectifuge
insect_repellant insectifuge
repellant repellent
repellant repellent
insulant insulating_material
insulation insulating_material
saccharase invertase
sucrase invertase
Javel_water javelle_water
eau_de_Javelle javelle_water
Prussian_blue iron_blue
steel_grey iron_blue
steel_gray iron_blue
Davy's_grey iron_blue
Davy's_gray iron_blue
Payne's_gray payne's_grey
jadestone jade
Japan_tallow japan_wax
jargon jargoon
silk_cotton kapok
vegetable_silk kapok
paraffin_oil paraffin
acetone_body ketone_body
oxybutyric_acid hydroxybutyric_acid
gum_labdanum labdanum
Lactaid lactase
milk_sugar lactose
lazuli lapis_lazuli
dodecanoic_acid lauric_acid
1-dodecanol lauryl_alcohol
tufa tuff
calc-tufa tufa
batholite batholith
pluton batholith
plutonic_rock batholith
massicotite massicot
leaf_mould leaf_mold
leaf_soil leaf_mold
leavening leaven
linen_paper linen
hydrated_oxide hydroxide
lime calcium_hydroxide
slaked_lime calcium_hydroxide
hydrated_lime calcium_hydroxide
calcium_hydrate calcium_hydroxide
caustic_lime calcium_hydroxide
lime_hydrate calcium_hydroxide
tripoli rottenstone
hydrolith calcium_hydride
calcium_sulfate calcium_sulphate
linolic_acid linoleic_acid
lino linoleum
lipide lipid
lipoid lipid
litmus_test litmus
Lithane lithium_carbonate
Lithonate lithium_carbonate
Eskalith lithium_carbonate
loadstone lodestone
LDL low-density_lipoprotein
beta-lipoprotein low-density_lipoprotein
timber lumber
muramidase lysozyme
Chemical_Mace mace
supermolecule macromolecule
bitter_salts epsom_salts
magnetic_iron-ore magnetite
malt_sugar maltose
manifold manifold_paper
manila_paper manila
manilla manila
manilla_paper manila
high-strength_brass manganese_bronze
austenitic_manganese_steel manganese_steel
Manilla_hemp manila_hemp
abaca manila_hemp
verde_antique verd_antique
splinters matchwood
magilp megilp
cyanuramide melamine
mercury_chloride mercuric_chloride
bichloride_of_mercury mercuric_chloride
corrosive_sublimate mercuric_chloride
mercurous_chloride calomel
writing_pad message_pad
alkane_series methane_series
alkane methane_series
paraffin_series methane_series
paraffin methane_series
methylene_radical methylene_group
methylene methylene_group
methyl_group methyl
methyl_radical methyl
birch_oil methyl_salicylate
sweet-birch_oil methyl_salicylate
low-carbon_steel mild_steel
soft-cast_steel mild_steel
mould mold
MAO monoamine_oxidase
monosaccharose monosaccharide
simple_sugar monosaccharide
antimony_potassium_tartrate tartar_emetic
clay mud
mire slop
slime sludge
goo sludge
goop sludge
gook sludge
guck sludge
gunk sludge
muck sludge
ooze sludge
score_paper music_paper
mustard_agent mustard_gas
blistering_agent mustard_gas
dichloroethyl_sulfide mustard_gas
sulfur_mustard mustard_gas
myeline myelin
medulla myelin
tetradecanoic_acid myristic_acid
synthetic_fiber man-made_fiber
natural_fibre natural_fiber
animal_fibre animal_fiber
plant_fibre plant_fiber
gas natural_gas
Admiralty_brass naval_brass
Admiralty_Metal naval_brass
Tobin_bronze naval_brass
nerve_agent nerve_gas
GB sarin
newsprint newspaper
nickel_alloy nickel-base_alloy
German_silver nickel_silver
NAD nicotinamide_adenine_dinucleotide
NADP nicotinamide_adenine_dinucleotide_phosphate
Ni-hard_iron ni-hard
Ni-resist_iron ni-resist
base nucleotide
triacetate cellulose_triacetate
viscose cellulose_xanthate
acrylic acrylic_fiber
polymeric_amide polyamide
fatty_oil fixed_oil
flimsy onionskin
oxaloacetate oxalacetate
oxaloacetic_acid oxalacetic_acid
ethanedioic_acid oxalic_acid
oxygen_acid oxyacid
pad_of_paper pad
tablet pad
hexadecanoic_acid palmitic_acid
pantothen pantothenic_acid
PABA para_aminobenzoic_acid
paper-mache papier-mache
tar_paper roofing_paper
olla ola
packing packing_material
wadding packing_material
wood_shavings excelsior
blacktopping blacktop
tarmac tarmacadam
pargeting parget
pargetting parget
pavement paving
paving_material paving
beta-lactamase penicillinase
PFC perfluorocarbon
crude_oil petroleum
crude petroleum
rock_oil petroleum
fossil_oil petroleum
oil petroleum
resid residual_oil
petroleum_jelly petrolatum
mineral_jelly petrolatum
phenolic_urea phenolic_plastic
orthophosphate phosphate
inorganic_phosphate phosphate
creatine_phosphate phosphocreatine
creatine_phosphoric_acid phosphocreatine
orthophosphoric_acid phosphoric_acid
fibrinolysin plasmin
urokinase plasminogen_activator
RNA_polymerase transcriptase
colouring_material coloring_material
color coloring_material
colour coloring_material
dyestuff dye
alizarine alizarin
alizarin_crimson alizarin_carmine
alizarin_red alizarin_carmine
blueing bluing
blue bluing
bromphenol_blue bromophenol_blue
tetrabromo-phenolsulfonephthalein bromophenol_blue
bromthymol_blue bromothymol_blue
substantive_dye direct_dye
bromeosin eosin
fluoresceine fluorescein
fluorescent_dye fluorescein
resorcinolphthalein fluorescein
fluorescein_isocyanate fluorescein_isothiocyanate
hair_coloring hair_dye
Kendal kendal_green
sugar_of_lead lead_acetate
archil orchil
cudbear orchil
water-color watercolor
watercolour watercolor
water-colour watercolor
plant_substance plant_material
plaster plaster_of_paris
podzol_soil podzol
podsol podzol
podsol_soil podzol
podsolic_soil podzol
polyose polysaccharide
yellow_prussiate_of_potash potassium_ferrocyanide
permanganate_of_potash potassium_permanganate
polypropene polypropylene
porphyritic_rock porphyry
caustic_potash potash
potassium_hydroxide potash
pulverization powder
pulverisation powder
propionaldehyde propanal
propyl_alcohol propanol
acrolein propenal
acrylate propenoate
acrylic_acid propenoic_acid
acrylonitrile propenonitrile
vinyl_cyanide propenonitrile
propene propylene
propyl_group propyl
propyl_radical propyl
peptidase protease
proteinase protease
proteolytic_enzyme protease
ptomain ptomaine
benzoquinone quinone
safranin safranine
saffranine safranine
vat_color vat_dye
raphia raffia
ravelling raveling
guinea_gold red_brass
minium red_lead
chymosin rennin
restriction_nuclease restriction_endonuclease
restriction_enzyme restriction_endonuclease
retinal retinene
natural_rubber rubber
India_rubber rubber
gum_elastic rubber
caoutchouc rubber
synthetic_rubber rubber
vulcanite hard_rubber
ebonite hard_rubber
buna_rubber buna
reddle ruddle
raddle ruddle
rainwater rain
saltwater seawater
brine seawater
freshwater fresh_water
Rochelle_salts rochelle_salt
potassium_sodium_tartrate rochelle_salt
Seidlitz_powders seidlitz_powder
Rochelle_powder seidlitz_powder
2-hydroxybenzoic_acid salicylic_acid
phenyl_salicylate salol
Glauber's_salts glauber's_salt
tartar cream_of_tartar
potassium_bitartrate cream_of_tartar
potassium_hydrogen_tartrate cream_of_tartar
dichromate bichromate
sodium_bichromate sodium_dichromate
caulking caulk
caustic_soda sodium_hydroxide
powder gunpowder
Ballistite smokeless_powder
Agene nitrogen_trichloride
bichloride dichloride
aluminium_chloride aluminum_chloride
dichloromethane methylene_chloride
staple_fiber staple
staple_fibre staple
gum_sangapenum sangapenum
sardine sard
sardius sard
paraffin_scale scale_wax
scratch_paper scratch_pad
scribbling_block scratch_pad
human_gamma_globulin gamma_globulin
clotting_factor coagulation_factor
factor_I fibrinogen
releasing_hormone releasing_factor
RF releasing_factor
GHRF growth_hormone-releasing_factor
blood_platelet platelet
thrombocyte platelet
haemoglobin hemoglobin
Hb hemoglobin
oxyhaemoglobin oxyhemoglobin
haem heme
hematin heme
haemitin heme
protoheme heme
protohemin hemin
heterocyclic heterocyclic_compound
heterocycle heterocyclic_compound
hematohiston globin
haematohiston globin
albuminoid scleroprotein
haemosiderin hemosiderin
antivenene antivenin
heterophile_antibody heterophil_antibody
Forssman_antibody heterophil_antibody
alloantibody isoantibody
monoclonal monoclonal_antibody
Remicade infliximab
Ig immunoglobulin
immune_serum_globulin immunoglobulin
immune_gamma_globulin immunoglobulin
immune_globulin immunoglobulin
IgA immunoglobulin_a
IgD immunoglobulin_d
IgE immunoglobulin_e
IgG immunoglobulin_g
IgM immunoglobulin_m
tetanus_immune_globulin tetanus_immunoglobulin
toxicant poison
poisonous_substance poison
piperine piperin
foetoprotein fetoprotein
alpha_foetoprotein alpha_fetoprotein
AFP alpha_fetoprotein
toxoid anatoxin
zootoxin animal_toxin
botulinus_toxin botulin
botulismotoxin botulin
neurolysin neurotoxin
phytotoxin plant_toxin
determinant antigenic_determinant
epitope antigenic_determinant
Rh_factor rhesus_factor
Rh rhesus_factor
shark-liver_oil shark_oil
shake shingle
blacking shoe_polish
chalybite siderite
silicone_polymer silicone
silicon_oxide silica
silicon_dioxide silica
sisal_hemp sisal
scoria slag
dross slag
slating slate
soaprock soapstone
soap-rock soapstone
steatite soapstone
washing_soda sodium_carbonate
sal_soda sodium_carbonate
soda_ash sodium_carbonate
soda sodium_carbonate
sodium_lauryl_sulfate sodium_lauryl_sulphate
SLS sodium_lauryl_sulphate
tetrasodium_pyrophosphate sodium_pyrophosphate
sodium_sulfate sodium_sulphate
sodium_orthophosphate sodium_phosphate
dissolvent solvent
dissolver solvent
dissolving_agent solvent
resolvent solvent
virucide viricide
alcahest alkahest
universal_solvent alkahest
spackling_compound spackle
spiegel spiegeleisen
spiegel_iron spiegeleisen
SEB staphylococcal_enterotoxin_b
ruby_spinel spinel_ruby
balas_ruby balas
pleonaste ceylonite
primary_solid_solution solid_solution
sal_volatile spirits_of_ammonia
tin_pyrites stannite
amylum starch
cornflour cornstarch
Otaheite_arrowroot_starch otaheite_arrowroot
water_vapour water_vapor
vapour vapor
GD soman
spoondrift spindrift
octadecanoic_acid stearic_acid
sternutatory sternutator
nonsteroidal nonsteroid
steroid_alcohol sterol
cholesterin cholesterol
bilge_water bilge
cardiac_glucoside cardiac_glycoside
digitalis_glycoside digitalis
digitalin digitalis
saccharose sucrose
jagghery jaggery
jaggary jaggery
sulphanilic_acid sulfanilic_acid
sulphate sulfate
sulphide sulfide
sulphur_oxide sulfur_oxide
sulphur_dioxide sulfur_dioxide
sulphur_hexafluoride sulfur_hexafluoride
aventurine sunstone
superoxide_anion superoxide
SOD superoxide_dismutase
graphic_tellurium sylvanite
sylvine sylvite
GA tabun
talcum talc
tannic_acid tannin
teargas tear_gas
lacrimator tear_gas
lachrymator tear_gas
tenderiser tenderizer
nitramine tetryl
thickener thickening
factor_II prothrombin
thrombokinase thromboplastin
factor_III thromboplastin
factor_IV calcium_ion
prothrombin_accelerator proaccelerin
accelerator_factor proaccelerin
factor_V proaccelerin
cothromboplastin proconvertin
stable_factor proconvertin
factor_VII proconvertin
antihaemophilic_factor antihemophilic_factor
antihemophilic_globulin antihemophilic_factor
antihaemophilic_globulin antihemophilic_factor
factor_VIII antihemophilic_factor
Hemofil antihemophilic_factor
factor_IX christmas_factor
factor_X prothrombinase
factor_XI plasma_thromboplastin_antecedent
factor_XII hageman_factor
factor_XIII fibrinase
T thymine
cytidine deoxycytidine
guanosine deoxyguanosine
thymidine deoxythymidine
thyme_camphor thymol
thymic_acid thymol
MSH melanocyte-stimulating_hormone
thyrotropic_hormone thyrotropin
thyrotrophin thyrotropin
thyrotrophic_hormone thyrotropin
thyroid-stimulating_hormone thyrotropin
TSH thyrotropin
TRH thyrotropin-releasing_hormone
thyrotropin-releasing_factor thyrotropin-releasing_hormone
TRF thyrotropin-releasing_hormone
protirelin thyrotropin-releasing_hormone
roofing_tile tile
boulder_clay till
tissue_paper tissue
toilet_paper toilet_tissue
bathroom_tissue toilet_tissue
methylbenzene toluene
tombak tombac
tambac tombac
false_topaz topaz
common_topaz topaz
aminotransferase transaminase
aminopherase transaminase
beta_globulin transferrin
siderophilin transferrin
translucent_substance transparent_substance
Aristocort triamcinolone
Aristopak triamcinolone
Kenalog triamcinolone
trichloracetic_acid trichloroacetic_acid
glycerol_trimargarate margarin
olein triolein
glycerol_tripalmitate tripalmitin
trisodium_orthophosphate trisodium_phosphate
tribasic_sodium_phosphate trisodium_phosphate
glycerol_tristearate tristearin
tryptophane tryptophan
wolfram_steel tungsten_steel
typing_paper typewriter_paper
coenzyme_Q ubiquinone
ultramarine_blue ultramarine
French_ultramarine french_blue
French_ultramarine_blue french_blue
unleaded_petrol unleaded_gasoline
U uracil
pitchblende uraninite
uranyl_group uranyl
uranyl_radical uranyl
carbamide urea
chalkstone tophus
flaxseed linseed
flaxseed_oil linseed_oil
Chinese_wood_oil tung_oil
vanadic_acid vanadium_pentoxide
VLDL very_low_density_lipoprotein
vesuvian vesuvianite
idocrase vesuvianite
vinyl_group vinyl
vinyl_radical vinyl
vinyl_resin vinyl_polymer
polyvinyl_resin vinyl_polymer
rhodopsin visual_purple
retinal_purple visual_purple
antiophthalmic_factor vitamin_a
axerophthol vitamin_a
A vitamin_a
retinol vitamin_a1
dehydroretinol vitamin_a2
carotene provitamin_a
carotin provitamin_a
B_complex b-complex_vitamin
vitamin_B_complex b-complex_vitamin
vitamin_B b-complex_vitamin
B_vitamin b-complex_vitamin
B b-complex_vitamin
thiamine vitamin_b1
thiamin vitamin_b1
aneurin vitamin_b1
antiberiberi_factor vitamin_b1
cobalamin vitamin_b12
cyanocobalamin vitamin_b12
antipernicious_anemia_factor vitamin_b12
vitamin_G vitamin_b2
riboflavin vitamin_b2
lactoflavin vitamin_b2
ovoflavin vitamin_b2
hepatoflavin vitamin_b2
pyridoxine vitamin_b6
pyridoxal vitamin_b6
pyridoxamine vitamin_b6
adermin vitamin_b6
vitamin_M vitamin_bc
folate vitamin_bc
folic_acid vitamin_bc
folacin vitamin_bc
pteroylglutamic_acid vitamin_bc
pteroylmonoglutamic_acid vitamin_bc
nicotinic_acid niacin
calciferol vitamin_d
viosterol vitamin_d
ergocalciferol vitamin_d
cholecalciferol vitamin_d
D vitamin_d
tocopherol vitamin_e
E vitamin_e
vitamin_H biotin
naphthoquinone vitamin_k
antihemorrhagic_factor vitamin_k
phylloquinone vitamin_k1
phytonadione vitamin_k1
menadione vitamin_k3
bioflavinoid vitamin_p
citrin vitamin_p
C vitamin_c
ascorbic_acid vitamin_c
oil_of_vitriol vitriol
sulfuric_acid vitriol
sulphuric_acid vitriol
water_of_crystallisation water_of_crystallization
water_of_hydration water_of_crystallization
earwax cerumen
paraffin_wax paraffin
lac_wax shellac_wax
cupric_acetate verdigris
wetter wetting_agent
surfactant wetting_agent
surface-active_agent wetting_agent
detergent_builder builder
train_oil whale_oil
milk_whey whey
ceruse white_lead
lead_carbonate white_lead
deal softwood
firebrand brand
ignitor igniter
lighter igniter
tinder kindling
touchwood kindling
spunk kindling
punk kindling
plank board
lemon_grass lemongrass
lemongrass_oil lemongrass
hardboard chipboard
weatherboard clapboard
weatherboarding clapboard
iron_manganese_tungsten wolframite
xylose wood_sugar
Wood's_alloy wood's_metal
xylol xylene
barm yeast
U308 yellowcake
chabasite chabazite
blende zinc_blende
sphalerite zinc_blende
flowers_of_zinc zinc_oxide
philosopher's_wool zinc_oxide
philosophers'_wool zinc_oxide
zinc_sulphate zinc_sulfate
white_vitriol zinc_sulfate
zinc_vitriol zinc_sulfate
zinc_sulphide zinc_sulfide
Chinese_white zinc_white
zirconium_silicate zircon
zirconia zirconium_oxide
zirconium_dioxide zirconium_oxide
curare tubocurarine
vesicatory vesicant
vernix_caseosa vernix
period_of_time time_period
period time_period
test_period trial_period
geologic_time geological_time
standard_time civil_time
local_time civil_time
daylight-savings_time daylight-saving_time
daylight_saving daylight-saving_time
daylight_savings daylight-saving_time
nowadays present
present_moment here_and_now
moment here_and_now
present_times modern_times
modern_world modern_times
contemporary_world modern_times
past_times past
yesteryear past
water_under_the_bridge bygone
hereafter future
futurity future
time_to_come future
Phanerozoic_eon phanerozoic
Phanerozoic_aeon phanerozoic
Cenozoic_era cenozoic
Age_of_Mammals cenozoic
Quaternary_period quaternary
Age_of_Man quaternary
Holocene_epoch holocene
Recent holocene
Recent_epoch holocene
Pleistocene_epoch pleistocene
Glacial_epoch pleistocene
Tertiary_period tertiary
Pliocene_epoch pliocene
Miocene_epoch miocene
Oligocene_epoch oligocene
Eocene_epoch eocene
Paleocene_epoch paleocene
Mesozoic_era mesozoic
Age_of_Reptiles mesozoic
Cretaceous_period cretaceous
Jurassic_period jurassic
Triassic_period triassic
Paleozoic_era paleozoic
Permian_period permian
Carboniferous_period carboniferous
Pennsylvanian_period pennsylvanian
Upper_Carboniferous pennsylvanian
Upper_Carboniferous_period pennsylvanian
Missippian_period mississippian
Lower_Carboniferous mississippian
Lower_Carboniferous_period mississippian
Devonian_period devonian
Age_of_Fishes devonian
Silurian_period silurian
Ordovician_period ordovician
Cambrian_period cambrian
Precambrian_eon precambrian
Precambrian_aeon precambrian
Precambrian_period precambrian
Proterozoic_eon proterozoic
Proterozoic_aeon proterozoic
Archean_eon archean
Archean_aeon archean
Archeozoic archean
Archaeozoic archean
Archeozoic_eon archean
Archaeozoic_aeon archean
Hadean_time hadean
Hadean_eon hadean
Hadean_aeon hadean
Priscoan hadean
Priscoan_eon hadean
Priscoan_aeon hadean
time clock_time
Greenwich_Time greenwich_mean_time
GMT greenwich_mean_time
universal_time greenwich_mean_time
UT greenwich_mean_time
UT1 greenwich_mean_time
UTC coordinated_universal_time
ERT earth-received_time
OWLT one-way_light_time
RTLT round-trip_light_time
TRM transmission_time
SCET spacecraft_event_time
SCLK spacecraft_clock_time
Atlantic_Standard_Time atlantic_time
Eastern_Standard_Time eastern_time
EST eastern_time
Central_Standard_Time central_time
CST central_time
Mountain_Standard_Time mountain_time
MST mountain_time
Pacific_Standard_Time pacific_time
PST pacific_time
Yukon_Time alaska_standard_time
Hawaii_Standard_Time hawaii_time
Bering_Standard_Time bering_time
continuance duration
continuance duration
stint stretch
time_value value
note_value value
slow_time_scale extended_time_scale
nonce time_being
time fourth_dimension
week workweek
calendar_week week
working_day workday
working_day workday
work_day workday
day_of_rest rest_day
turnaround_time turnaround
free_time spare_time
leisure_time leisure
holiday vacation
playday playtime
outing field_day
picnic field_day
leave_of_absence leave
sabbatical_leave sabbatical
liberty shore_leave
lifetime life
life-time life
lifespan life
years days
millenary millennium
bimillenary bimillennium
incipience incipiency
last death
dying death
demise death
hereafter afterlife
eld age
babyhood infancy
early_childhood infancy
anal_phase anal_stage
genital_phase genital_stage
latency_phase latency_stage
latency_period latency_stage
oral_phase oral_stage
phallic_phase phallic_stage
maidenhood girlhood
maidhood girlhood
schooltime schooldays
pubescence puberty
mid-twenties twenties
1920s twenties
mid-thirties thirties
thirty-something thirties
1930s thirties
mid-forties forties
1940s forties
mid-fifties fifties
1950s fifties
mid-sixties sixties
1960s sixties
mid-seventies seventies
1970s seventies
mid-eighties eighties
1980s eighties
1880s eighties
mid-nineties nineties
1990s nineties
1890s nineties
bloom_of_youth bloom
salad_days bloom
legal_age majority
nonage minority
prime_of_life prime
maturity adulthood
maturity_date maturity
due_date maturity
years old_age
age old_age
eld old_age
geezerhood old_age
second_childhood dotage
senility dotage
climacteric menopause
change_of_life menopause
unit_of_time time_unit
twenty-four_hours day
twenty-four_hour_period day
24-hour_interval day
solar_day day
mean_solar_day day
mean_solar_time mean_time
TT terrestrial_time
terrestrial_dynamical_time terrestrial_time
TDT terrestrial_time
ephemeris_time terrestrial_time
civil_day calendar_day
degree_day commencement_day
Guy_Fawkes_Night bonfire_night
January_20 inauguration_day
bissextile_day leap_day
February_29 leap_day
day_of_the_month date
fete_day feast_day
Sukkoth succoth
Succos succoth
Feast_of_Booths succoth
Feast_of_Tabernacles succoth
Tabernacles succoth
church_festival religious_festival
6_June_1944 d-day
Victory_Day v-day
8_May_1945 v-e_day
15_August_1945 v-j_day
Lord's_Day sunday
Dominicus sunday
Sun sunday
Mon monday
Tues tuesday
Midweek wednesday
Wed wednesday
Th thursday
Fri friday
Sabbatum saturday
Sat saturday
daytime day
daylight day
morn morning
morning_time morning
forenoon morning
twelve_noon noon
high_noon noon
midday noon
noonday noon
noontide noon
lunch_period lunchtime
suppertime dinnertime
eve evening
even evening
eventide evening
nighttime night
dark night
dawning dawn
morning dawn
aurora dawn
first_light dawn
daybreak dawn
break_of_day dawn
break_of_the_day dawn
dayspring dawn
sunrise dawn
sunup dawn
cockcrow dawn
sundown sunset
dusk twilight
gloaming twilight
gloam twilight
nightfall twilight
evenfall twilight
fall twilight
crepuscule twilight
crepuscle twilight
hebdomad week
two_weeks fortnight
rag_week rag
Judgement_Day judgment_day
Day_of_Judgment judgment_day
Day_of_Judgement judgment_day
Doomsday judgment_day
Last_Judgment judgment_day
Last_Judgement judgment_day
Last_Day judgment_day
eschaton judgment_day
day_of_reckoning judgment_day
doomsday judgment_day
crack_of_doom judgment_day
end_of_the_world judgment_day
space distance
intercalation embolism
election_day polling_day
Christian_year church_year
New_Style_calendar gregorian_calendar
Old_Style_calendar julian_calendar
Hebrew_calendar jewish_calendar
Muhammadan_calendar islamic_calendar
Mohammedan_calendar islamic_calendar
Moslem_calendar islamic_calendar
Muslim_calendar islamic_calendar
particular_date date
mistiming anachronism
misdating anachronism
point_in_time point
time_of_arrival arrival_time
time_of_departure departure_time
checkout_time checkout
Passion_Week holy_week
ecclesiastical_calendar church_calendar
December_31 new_year's_eve
New_Year's new_year's_day
January_1 new_year's_day
Martin_Luther_King_Day martin_luther_king_jr's_birthday
Robert_E_Lee_Day robert_e_lee's_birthday
Lee's_Birthday robert_e_lee's_birthday
January_19 robert_e_lee's_birthday
Rosh_Hashana rosh_hashanah
Rosh_Hashonah rosh_hashanah
Rosh_Hashona rosh_hashanah
Jewish_New_Year rosh_hashanah
Rosh_Chodesh rosh_hodesh
holy_day religious_holiday
High_Holiday high_holy_day
moveable_feast movable_feast
Day_of_Atonement yom_kippur
January_20 saint_agnes's_eve
St_Martin's_Day martinmas
11_November martinmas
Saint_Martin's_summer indian_summer
Lady_Day annunciation
Annunciation_Day annunciation
March_25 annunciation
Michaelmas_Day michaelmas
September_29 michaelmas
Candlemas_Day candlemas
Feb_2 candlemas
February_2 groundhog_day
February_12 lincoln's_birthday
Valentine's_Day valentine_day
Saint_Valentine's_Day valentine_day
St_Valentine's_Day valentine_day
February_14 valentine_day
February_22 washington's_birthday
March_2 texas_independence_day
Saint_Patrick's_Day st_patrick's_day
March_17 st_patrick's_day
Easter_Day easter_sunday
April_Fools'_day april_fools'
All_Fools'_day april_fools'
April_14 pan_american_day
First_of_May may_day
May_1 may_day
Decoration_Day memorial_day
Davis'_Birthday jefferson_davis'_birthday
June_3 jefferson_davis'_birthday
June_14 flag_day
Fourth_of_July independence_day
July_4 independence_day
Lammas_Day lammas
August_1 lammas
September_17 citizenship_day
Discovery_Day columbus_day
October_12 columbus_day
October_24 united_nations_day
Hallowe'en halloween
Allhallows_Eve halloween
Pascha pasch
Pascha pasch
Innocents'_Day holy_innocents'_day
Septuagesima_Sunday septuagesima
Quinquagesima_Sunday quinquagesima
Quadrigesima_Sunday quadragesima
January_1 solemnity_of_mary
Ascension_Day ascension
Ascension_of_the_Lord ascension
Feast_of_the_Circumcision circumcision
January_1 circumcision
Holy_Thursday maundy_thursday
June_29 saints_peter_and_paul
Assumption_of_Mary assumption
August_15 assumption
Feast_of_Dormition dormition
Epiphany_of_Our_Lord epiphany
Twelfth_day epiphany
Three_Kings'_Day epiphany
January_6 epiphany
St_Joseph saint_joseph
March_19 saint_joseph
Allhallows all_saints'_day
November_1 all_saints'_day
Hallowmas all_saints'_day
Hallowmass all_saints'_day
December_8 immaculate_conception
November_2 all_souls'_day
Pesach passover
Pesah passover
Feast_of_the_Unleavened_Bread passover
Christmas_Day christmas
Xmas christmas
Dec_25 christmas
Dec_24 christmas_eve
Christmastide christmas
Christmastime christmas
Yule christmas
Yuletide christmas
Noel christmas
Shabuoth shavous
Shavuoth shavous
Shavuot shavous
Pentecost shavous
Feast_of_Weeks shavous
Simchat_Torah shimchath_torah
Simhath_Torah shimchath_torah
Simhat_Torah shimchath_torah
Simchas_Torah shimchath_torah
Rejoicing_over_the_Law shimchath_torah
Rejoicing_of_the_Law shimchath_torah
Rejoicing_in_the_Law shimchath_torah
Tishah_b'Ab tishah_b'av
Tisha_b'Av tishah_b'av
Tisha_b'Ab tishah_b'av
Ninth_of_Av tishah_b'av
Ninth_of_Ab tishah_b'av
Fast_of_Av tishah_b'av
Fast_of_Ab tishah_b'av
Hanukah hanukkah
Hannukah hanukkah
Chanukah hanukkah
Chanukkah hanukkah
Channukah hanukkah
Channukkah hanukkah
Festival_of_Lights hanukkah
Feast_of_Lights hanukkah
Feast_of_Dedication hanukkah
Feast_of_the_Dedication hanukkah
national_holiday legal_holiday
public_holiday legal_holiday
Empire_day commonwealth_day
May_24 commonwealth_day
July_1 dominion_day
14_July bastille_day
Remembrance_Sunday remembrance_day
Poppy_Day remembrance_day
Veterans'_Day veterans_day
Armistice_Day veterans_day
November_11 veterans_day
Thanksgiving_Day thanksgiving
365_days common_year
intercalary_year leap_year
366_days leap_year
bissextile_year leap_year
civil_year calendar_year
tropical_year solar_year
astronomical_year solar_year
equinoctial_year solar_year
financial_year fiscal_year
schooltime school
school_day school
academic_year school_year
twelvemonth year
yr year
decennary decade
decennium decade
new_phase_of_the_moon new_moon
full-of-the-moon full_moon
full_phase_of_the_moon full_moon
full full_moon
moon lunar_month
lunation lunar_month
synodic_month lunar_month
day sidereal_day
month calendar_month
Jan january
Feb february
Mar march
Apr april
Aug august
Sep september
Sept september
Oct october
Nov november
Dec december
Chislev kislev
Tevet tebet
Shevat shebat
Adar_Sheni veadar
Nissan nisan
Iyyar iyar
Siwan sivan
Thammuz tammuz
Av ab
Ellul elul
Moharram muharram
Muharrum muharram
Saphar safar
Jomada_I jumada_i
Jomada_II jumada_ii
Shaaban sha'ban
Dhu_al-Qadah dhu'l-qa'dah
Dhu'l-Hijjah dhu'l-hijja
Dhu_al-Hijja dhu'l-hijja
Dhu_al-Hijjah dhu'l-hijja
Feast_of_Sacrifice id_al-adha
Caitra chait
Vaisakha baisakh
Jyaistha jeth
Asadha asarh
Sravana sawan
Bhadrapada bhadon
Asvina asin
Karttika kartik
Margasivsa aghan
Pansa pus
Magha magh
Phalguna phagun
June_21 summer_solstice
midsummer summer_solstice
Midsummer's_Day midsummer_day
St_John's_Day midsummer_day
June_24 midsummer_day
Midsummer_Night midsummer_eve
St_John's_Eve midsummer_eve
St_John's_Night midsummer_eve
June_23 midsummer_eve
washing_day washday
March_equinox vernal_equinox
spring_equinox vernal_equinox
September_equinox autumnal_equinox
fall_equinox autumnal_equinox
Nowruz noruz
Nowrooz noruz
sentence prison_term
time prison_term
life life_sentence
academic_term school_term
academic_session school_term
session school_term
gestation_period gestation
full_term term
ship's_bell bell
hr hour
60_minutes hour
30_minutes half-hour
15_minutes quarter-hour
time_of_day hour
morning_prayer matins
tierce terce
evensong vespers
complin compline
person_hour man_hour
Eolithic eolithic_age
Paleolithic paleolithic_age
Palaeolithic paleolithic_age
Mesolithic mesolithic_age
Epipaleolithic mesolithic_age
Neolithic neolithic_age
New_Stone_Age neolithic_age
Platonic_year great_year
extra_time overtime
min minute
sec second
s second
msec millisecond
time_of_year season
autumn fall
springtime spring
summertime summer
canicule dog_days
canicular_days dog_days
wintertime winter
peak_season high_season
Shrove_Tuesday mardi_gras
pancake_day mardi_gras
Lententide lent
Whitsunday pentecost
Whitsun_Monday whitmonday
Whitsun_Tuesday whit-tuesday
Whitsuntide whitsun
Whitweek whitsun
age long_time
years long_time
long_haul long_run
aeon eon
aeon eon
infinity eternity
drouth drought
minute moment
second moment
instant moment
last_minute eleventh_hour
piece while
spell while
patch while
cold_snap cold_spell
mo moment
minute moment
second moment
bit moment
flash blink_of_an_eye
heartbeat blink_of_an_eye
instant blink_of_an_eye
jiffy blink_of_an_eye
split_second blink_of_an_eye
trice blink_of_an_eye
twinkling blink_of_an_eye
wink blink_of_an_eye
New_York_minute blink_of_an_eye
geological_period period
geological_era era
epoch era
Common_era christian_era
day_of_remembrance anniversary
diamond_wedding diamond_wedding_anniversary
semicentenary semicentennial
centenary centennial
bicentenary bicentennial
tercentenary tercentennial
triennial tercentennial
quatercentenary quatercentennial
quincentenary quincentennial
millenary millennium
bimillenary bimillennium
natal_day birthday
time_out_of_mind time_immemorial
langsyne auld_langsyne
old_times auld_langsyne
good_old_days auld_langsyne
age historic_period
prehistoric_culture prehistory
glacial_period ice_age
glacial_epoch ice_age
chukka chukker
frame inning
top_of_the_inning top
bottom_of_the_inning bottom
bout turn
round turn
period_of_play playing_period
play playing_period
last_half second_half
maiden maiden_over
Baroque_era baroque
Baroque_period baroque
Dark_Ages middle_ages
Renascence renaissance
technological_revolution industrial_revolution
Reconstruction_Period reconstruction
press_run print_run
four-four_time common_time
quadruple_time common_time
common_measure common_time
pacing tempo
commencement beginning
first beginning
outset beginning
get-go beginning
start beginning
kickoff beginning
starting_time beginning
showtime beginning
offset beginning
early_days youth
starting_point terminus_a_quo
presidential_term presidency
administration presidency
vice-presidential_term vice-presidency
ending end
finale stopping_point
finis stopping_point
finish stopping_point
last stopping_point
conclusion stopping_point
close stopping_point
tail fag_end
tail_end fag_end
expiration termination
expiry termination
terminal_point terminus_ad_quem
limit terminus_ad_quem
interval time_interval
slot time_slot
intermission pause
break pause
interruption pause
suspension pause
hold delay
time_lag delay
postponement delay
wait delay
meantime interim
meanwhile interim
lag interim
response_time reaction_time
latency reaction_time
latent_period reaction_time
nap sleep
rest respite
relief respite
rest_period respite
lull letup
breather breath
breathing_place breath
breathing_space breath
breathing_spell breath
breathing_time breath
term_of_a_contract lease
half-life half_life
lunar_time_period tide
rate_of_attrition attrition_rate
birth_rate birthrate
fertility birthrate
fertility_rate birthrate
natality birthrate
bps bits_per_second
death_rate deathrate
mortality deathrate
mortality_rate deathrate
fatality_rate deathrate
ESR erythrocyte_sedimentation_rate
sedimentation_rate erythrocyte_sedimentation_rate
sed_rate erythrocyte_sedimentation_rate
flow_rate flow
rate_of_flow flow
frequence frequency
oftenness frequency
GHz gigahertz
gigacycle_per_second gigahertz
gigacycle gigahertz
Gc gigahertz
rate_of_growth growth_rate
Hz hertz
cycle_per_second hertz
cycles/second hertz
cps hertz
cycle hertz
rate_of_inflation inflation_rate
kHz kilohertz
kilocycle_per_second kilohertz
kilocycle kilohertz
kc kilohertz
kilometres_per_hour kilometers_per_hour
kph kilometers_per_hour
km/h kilometers_per_hour
MHz megahertz
megacycle_per_second megahertz
megacycle megahertz
Mc megahertz
THz terahertz
mph miles_per_hour
gait pace
pulse_rate pulse
heart_rate pulse
return_on_investment return_on_invested_capital
ROI return_on_invested_capital
rate_of_respiration respiratory_rate
rpm revolutions_per_minute
rev revolutions_per_minute
velocity speed
pace tempo
light_speed speed_of_light
c speed_of_light
mph miles_per_hour
counts/minute count_per_minute
infant_mortality infant_deathrate
infant_mortality_rate infant_deathrate
neonatal_mortality_rate neonatal_mortality
wpm words_per_minute
bpm beats_per_minute
metronome_marking beats_per_minute
M.M. beats_per_minute
rhythm cycle
round cycle
fertile_phase fertile_period
luteal_phase secretory_phase
phase_angle phase
stage phase
culmination apogee
term_of_office tenure
incumbency tenure
work_shift shift
duty_period shift
spell go
tour go
turn go
swing_shift evening_shift
graveyard_shift night_shift
middle_watch graveyard_watch
midwatch graveyard_watch
night_watch graveyard_watch
hitch enlistment
term_of_enlistment enlistment
tour_of_duty enlistment
duty_tour enlistment
tour enlistment
Great_Depression depression
prohibition_era prohibition
noviciate novitiate
prime flower
peak flower
heyday flower
bloom flower
blossom flower
efflorescence flower
flush flower
shivah shiva
shibah shiva
date_of_reference epoch
latency rotational_latency
command_processing_overhead command_processing_overhead_time
command_overhead command_processing_overhead_time
overhead command_processing_overhead_time
Transfiguration_Day transfiguration
August_6 transfiguration
9-11 9/11
September_11 9/11
Sept._11 9/11
Sep_11 9/11
take_a_breath breathe
respire breathe
suspire breathe
bubble burp
belch burp
eruct burp
hiccough hiccup
suspire sigh
expire exhale
breathe_out exhale
give_forth exhale
emanate exhale
inspire inhale
breathe_in inhale
puff pant
gasp pant
heave pant
whoop hack
cough_up expectorate
cough_out expectorate
spit_up expectorate
spit_out expectorate
huff puff
chuff puff
sniffle sniff
wink blink
nictitate blink
nictate blink
flutter bat
blink wink
blink_away wink
squinch squint
molt shed
exuviate shed
moult shed
slough shed
peel_off desquamate
jerk twitch
move_reflexively move_involuntarily
act_reflexively act_involuntarily
behave act
do act
bend_over_backwards fall_over_backwards
vulgarise vulgarize
optimise optimize
bluster swagger
swash swagger
sentimentalize sentimentalise
sentimentize sentimentalise
sentimentise sentimentalise
toy play
play act
act_as act
didder shake
shudder shiver
move be_active
kip sleep
slumber sleep
log_Z's sleep
catch_some_Z's sleep
practice_bundling bundle
drowse snooze
doze snooze
catnap nap
catch_a_wink nap
sleep_in sleep_late
hole_up hibernate
aestivate estivate
saw_wood snore
saw_logs snore
dope_off fall_asleep
flake_out fall_asleep
drift_off fall_asleep
nod_off fall_asleep
drop_off fall_asleep
doze_off fall_asleep
drowse_off fall_asleep
bunk_down bed_down
doss_down doss
crash doss
turn_in go_to_bed
bed go_to_bed
crawl_in go_to_bed
kip_down go_to_bed
hit_the_hay go_to_bed
hit_the_sack go_to_bed
sack_out go_to_bed
go_to_sleep go_to_bed
retire go_to_bed
turn_out get_up
arise get_up
uprise get_up
rise get_up
awake wake_up
arouse wake_up
awaken wake_up
wake wake_up
come_alive wake_up
waken wake_up
wake awaken
waken awaken
rouse awaken
wake_up awaken
arouse awaken
sit_up stay_up
hypnotise hypnotize
mesmerize hypnotize
mesmerise hypnotize
spellbind entrance
anaesthetize anesthetize
anesthetise anesthetize
anaesthetise anesthetize
put_under anesthetize
put_out anesthetize
etherise etherize
cocainise cocainize
bring_back bring_to
bring_round bring_to
bring_around bring_to
calm sedate
tranquilize sedate
tranquillize sedate
tranquillise sedate
arouse stimulate
brace stimulate
energize stimulate
energise stimulate
perk_up stimulate
de-energise de-energize
perk perk_up
percolate perk_up
pick_up perk_up
gain_vigor perk_up
conk faint
swoon faint
pass_out faint
pass_out zonk_out
black_out zonk_out
revive come_to
resuscitate come_to
recreate animate
reanimate animate
revive animate
renovate animate
repair animate
quicken animate
vivify animate
revivify animate
freshen refresh
refreshen refresh
refresh freshen
refreshen freshen
freshen_up freshen
lave wash_up
strain tense
tense_up tense
unstrain relax
unlax relax
loosen_up relax
unwind relax
make_relaxed relax
tense_up tense
loosen_up relax
unbend relax
unwind relax
decompress relax
slow_down relax
vegetate vege_out
take_it_easy sit_back
warm_up limber_up
loosen_up limber_up
extend stretch
stretch_out exsert
put_out exsert
extend exsert
hold_out exsert
stretch_forth exsert
stretch_out crane
reinvigorate invigorate
simper smirk
howl roar
snigger snicker
titter giggle
crack_up break_up
collapse break_down
go_over fall_over
laugh_loudly guffaw
chortle chuckle
laugh_softly chuckle
express_joy laugh
express_mirth laugh
glower frown
lour frown
lower frown
glare glower
spat clap
make_a_face grimace
pull_a_face grimace
mop pout
mow pout
hawk clear_the_throat
clean cleanse
lave wash
scrub_up scrub
lather soap
rinse gargle
depilate epilate
bath bathe
comb_out comb
disentangle comb
slick_down slick
sleek_down slick
arrange dress
set dress
do dress
coif dress
coiffe dress
coiffure dress
goffer gauffer
gel mousse
fluff tease
neaten groom
do_up doll_up
pretty_up doll_up
glam_up doll_up
spruce spruce_up
slick_up spruce_up
smarten_up spruce_up
scent perfume
primp preen
plume preen
dress preen
dress_up overdress
fig_out overdress
fig_up overdress
deck_up overdress
gussy_up overdress
fancy_up overdress
trick_up overdress
deck_out overdress
trick_out overdress
prink overdress
attire overdress
get_up overdress
rig_out overdress
tog_up overdress
tog_out overdress
dress_up dress
prim_up prim
prim_out prim
dizen bedizen
underdress dress_down
groom dress
curry dress
melt_off reduce
lose_weight reduce
slim reduce
slenderize reduce
thin reduce
slim_down reduce
put_on gain
flesh_out round
fill_out round
get_dressed dress
try try_on
bear wear
clothe dress
enclothe dress
garb dress
raiment dress
tog dress
garment dress
habilitate dress
fit_out dress
apparel dress
wrap_up cover
overclothe overdress
discase undress
uncase undress
unclothe undress
strip undress
strip_down undress
disrobe undress
peel undress
put_on wear
get_into wear
don wear
assume wear
dress_up costume
robe vest
have_on wear
fecundate inseminate
fertilize inseminate
fertilise inseminate
knock_up impregnate
bang_up impregnate
prang_up impregnate
cross-fertilise cross-fertilize
cross-fertilise cross-fertilize
pollenate pollinate
cross-pollinate pollinate
get beget
engender beget
father beget
mother beget
sire beget
generate beget
bring_forth beget
procreate reproduce
multiply reproduce
set fructify
multiply breed
deliver give_birth
bear give_birth
birth give_birth
have give_birth
labour labor
pup whelp
pig farrow
have_young calve
bear have_a_bun_in_the_oven
carry have_a_bun_in_the_oven
gestate have_a_bun_in_the_oven
expect have_a_bun_in_the_oven
hatch brood
cover brood
incubate brood
neuter alter
spay alter
castrate alter
defeminise defeminize
castrate emasculate
demasculinize emasculate
demasculinise emasculate
caponise caponize
cut geld
vasectomise vasectomize
sterilise sterilize
desex sterilize
unsex sterilize
desexualize sterilize
desexualise sterilize
fix sterilize
lift face-lift
flow menstruate
sterilise sterilize
alleviate relieve
palliate relieve
assuage relieve
hurt suffer
sustain suffer
have suffer
get suffer
whimper wail
mewl wail
pule wail
weep cry
sniffle snivel
blubber snivel
blub snivel
snuffle snivel
sudate sweat
perspire sweat
exudate exude
transude exude
ooze_out exude
ooze exude
distil distill
fume reek
release secrete
wound injure
ail trouble
pain trouble
excruciate torture
torment torture
martyrize martyr
martyrise martyr
overstretch pull
urinate make
piddle make
puddle make
micturate make
piss make
pee make
pee-pee make
make_water make
relieve_oneself make
take_a_leak make
spend_a_penny make
wee make
wee-wee make
pass_water make
egest excrete
eliminate excrete
pass excrete
void evacuate
empty evacuate
defecate stool
shit stool
take_a_shit stool
take_a_crap stool
ca-ca stool
crap stool
make stool
bind constipate
bleed shed_blood
hemorrhage shed_blood
wear_upon tire
tire_out tire
wear tire
weary tire
jade tire
wear_out tire
outwear tire
wear_down tire
fag_out tire
fag tire
fatigue tire
wash_up exhaust
beat exhaust
tucker exhaust
tucker_out exhaust
overweary overtire
overfatigue overtire
pall tire
weary tire
fatigue tire
jade tire
vomit_up vomit
purge vomit
cast vomit
sick vomit
cat vomit
be_sick vomit
disgorge vomit
regorge vomit
retch vomit
puke vomit
barf vomit
spew vomit
spue vomit
chuck vomit
upchuck vomit
honk vomit
regurgitate vomit
throw_up vomit
spew_out spew
eruct spew
heave gag
retch gag
choke gag
choke gag
strangle gag
suffocate gag
strangle choke
care_for treat
detoxify detox
iodise iodize
dispense administer
cure bring_around
heal bring_around
aid help
ease comfort
relieve remedy
plaster poultice
operate operate_on
medicine medicate
dose drug
dope_up dope
o.d. overdose
narcotise narcotize
inunct anoint
oil anoint
anele anoint
embrocate anoint
leech bleed
phlebotomize bleed
phlebotomise bleed
shoot inject
immunise immunize
inoculate immunize
vaccinate immunize
transfuse cup
come_down sicken
take contract
get contract
taint infect
traumatise traumatize
shock traumatize
galvanise galvanize
mar mutilate
sprain twist
wrench twist
turn twist
wrick twist
rick twist
lame cripple
invalid disable
incapacitate disable
handicap disable
deteriorate devolve
drop devolve
degenerate devolve
recover recuperate
convalesce recuperate
lapse relapse
recidivate relapse
regress relapse
retrogress relapse
fall_back relapse
fade languish
rot waste
feather fledge
develop grow
produce grow
get grow
acquire grow
stock sprout
tiller stool
ancylose ankylose
ancylose ankylose
get_up work_up
maturate fester
suppurate fester
mature suppurate
gangrene necrose
mortify necrose
sphacelate necrose
revitalize regenerate
revive resuscitate
reboot boot
bring_up boot
raise resurrect
upraise resurrect
rise resurrect
uprise resurrect
peter_out poop_out
run_down poop_out
run_out poop_out
conk_out poop_out
work_out exercise
work exercise
work_out exercise
tone_up tone
strengthen tone
stretch_out stretch
break_wind fart
snivel snuffle
ptyalize spit
ptyalise spit
spew spit
spue spit
sputter splutter
spit_out splutter
drool drivel
slabber drivel
slaver drivel
slobber drivel
dribble drivel
crimson blush
flush blush
redden blush
blanch pale
blench pale
bronze tan
sunbathe sun
burn sunburn
generalise generalize
metastasise metastasize
discharge exhaust
expel exhaust
eject exhaust
release exhaust
breathe emit
pass_off emit
jest joke
clown_around clown
antic clown
feel_like_a_million_dollars feel_like_a_million
run_over run_down
break fracture
brutalise brutalize
animalize brutalize
animalise brutalize
brutalise brutalize
animalize brutalize
animalise brutalize
caramelise caramelize
caramelise caramelize
verbalise verbalize
novelise novelize
fictionalize novelize
fictionalise novelize
opalise opalize
opalise opalize
remain stay
rest stay
keep_abreast keep_up
follow keep_up
differentiate speciate
specialize speciate
specialise speciate
arterialise arterialize
get make
let get
have get
experience have
take_turns alternate
jump alternate
tack interchange
switch interchange
alternate interchange
flip interchange
flip-flop interchange
transpose counterchange
interchange counterchange
vascularise vascularize
suburbanise suburbanize
suburbanise suburbanize
alter change
vary change
avianise avianize
optimise optimize
roll_up roll
glass glaze
glass_over glaze
glaze_over glaze
revolutionise revolutionize
overturn revolutionize
grow turn
alter change
modify change
sensualise sensualize
carnalize sensualize
carnalise sensualize
barbarise barbarize
barbarise barbarize
alkalinise alkalinize
alkalinise alkalinize
mythologise mythologize
mythicize mythologize
mythicise mythologize
allegorise allegorize
demythologise demythologize
land bring
secularise secularize
rubberise rubberize
rubber rubberize
anodise anodize
leave_alone leave
leave_behind leave
impact affect
bear_upon affect
bear_on affect
touch_on affect
touch affect
bacterise bacterize
turn change_by_reversal
reverse change_by_reversal
turn_the_tide turn_the_tables
alchemise alchemize
alcoholise alcoholize
alcoholise alcoholize
switch switch_over
exchange switch_over
change_form change_shape
deform change_shape
grain granulate
form shape
crystallise crystallize
crystalise crystallize
crystalize crystallize
grain granulate
conglobe conglobate
round_out round
round_off round
scollop scallop
square_up square
round_down round_off
round_out round_off
round round_off
pooch_out pooch
turn change_state
fall_away fall_off
sober sober_up
sober sober_up
go become
get become
conform adjust
adapt adjust
conform_to follow
readapt readjust
diminish decrease
lessen decrease
fall decrease
shrivel shrink
fly vanish
vaporize vanish
stretch extend
go_up rise
climb rise
jump rise
climb_up rise
ease_off ease_up
let_up ease_up
ease_off ease_up
slacken_off ease_up
flag ease_up
gather gain
irrupt explode
gain advance
cumulate accumulate
conglomerate accumulate
pile_up accumulate
gather accumulate
amass accumulate
detribalise detribalize
exchange change
commute change
convert change
convert commute
exchange commute
capitalise capitalize
overcapitalise overcapitalize
renovate refurbish
freshen_up refurbish
remold retread
remould retread
restitute renovate
freshen refresh
revitalise revitalize
vitalise vitalize
vitalise vitalize
ruggedise ruggedize
childproof child-proof
goof-proof goofproof
foolproof goofproof
devitalise devitalize
renew reincarnate
straighten_out reform
see_the_light reform
restore regenerate
rejuvenate regenerate
resurrect revive
hop_up soup_up
hot_up soup_up
qualify modify
develop build_up
fill_out round_out
optimise optimize
impoverish deprive
throttle choke
take remove
take_away remove
withdraw remove
undress strip
divest strip
disinvest strip
pick clean
clear_up clear
tear_off tear_away
take_out take_away
stone pit
chip_away_at chip_away
clean scavenge
hypophysectomise hypophysectomize
shell husk
burr bur
clear_away clear_off
clear unclutter
clutter_up clutter
overload clog
paint_the_lily gild_the_lily
mix_in mix
iodise iodize
oxygenize oxygenate
oxygenise oxygenate
aerate oxygenate
mercerise mercerize
fluoridize fluoridate
fluoridise fluoridate
brominate bromate
enclose insert
inclose insert
stick_in insert
put_in insert
introduce insert
catheterise catheterize
interlard intersperse
feed_in feed
mark punctuate
string_up string
aerate activate
deactivate inactivate
blunt deaden
juice_up jazz_up
pep_up jazz_up
ginger_up jazz_up
liven enliven
liven_up enliven
invigorate enliven
animate enliven
spirit_up spirit
inspirit spirit
combine compound
totalise totalize
dismantle strip
bare denude
denudate denude
strip denude
disforest deforest
disafforest deforest
debone bone
eviscerate disembowel
draw disembowel
detusk tusk
lighten relieve
restrict qualify
reconstruct remodel
redo remodel
rectify correct
right correct
remediate rectify
remedy rectify
repair rectify
amend rectify
redact edit
blue-pencil edit
delete edit
bowdlerise bowdlerize
expurgate bowdlerize
castrate bowdlerize
shorten bowdlerize
alter interpolate
falsify interpolate
cut_up hack
cut edit
edit_out edit
chasten tame
subdue tame
break break_in
moderate chasten
temper chasten
spoil corrupt
misuse pervert
abuse pervert
decline worsen
drop_off slip
drop_away slip
fall_away slip
backslide lapse
lose suffer
improve better
ameliorate better
meliorate better
pick_up turn_around
brisk_up brisk
brisken brisk
improve better
amend better
ameliorate better
meliorate better
cheapen degrade
straighten_out iron_out
put_right iron_out
aggravate worsen
exacerbate worsen
exasperate worsen
go_to_the_dogs go_to_pot
crumble decay
dilapidate decay
break_up decompose
break_down decompose
rot decompose
molder decompose
moulder decompose
go_bad spoil
mildew mold
dehydrate exsiccate
dry_up exsiccate
desiccate exsiccate
desiccate dehydrate
lyophilise lyophilize
keep preserve
desiccate dehydrate
marinate marinade
tin can
put_up can
slake slack
moisturize humidify
moisturise humidify
douse drench
dowse drench
soak drench
sop drench
souse drench
draggle bedraggle
lap lave
wash lave
deluge inundate
submerge inundate
wash moisten
dampen moisten
sear parch
dry_out dry
dry_out dry
beef_up strengthen
fortify strengthen
brace_up undergird
lace spike
fortify spike
reenforce reinforce
back_up back
bolster_up bolster
disappear melt
evaporate melt
melt fade
stultify cripple
thin dilute
thin_out dilute
reduce dilute
cut dilute
attenuate rarefy
deepen intensify
compound intensify
heighten intensify
deepen intensify
hot_up heat_up
screw_up heat_up
irrigate water
hose_down hose
sparge sprinkle
besprinkle sprinkle
distil distill
extract distill
distil distill
heighten enhance
raise enhance
retouch touch_up
grow_over overgrow
lessen subside
pare_down pare
tighten reduce
restrain restrict
trammel restrict
limit restrict
bound restrict
confine restrict
throttle restrict
draw_a_line draw_the_line
mark_out mark_off
harness rule
rein rule
regulate baffle
extend carry
circumscribe limit
confine limit
keep_down number
halter hamper
cramp hamper
strangle hamper
curtail restrict
curb restrict
cut_back restrict
boil_down reduce
concentrate reduce
reduce boil_down
decoct boil_down
concentrate boil_down
come_down reduce
boil_down reduce
deoxidise deoxidize
reduce deoxidize
catabolise catabolize
oxidise oxidize
oxidate oxidize
oxidize oxidise
oxidate oxidise
scale_down reduce
enlarge blow_up
magnify blow_up
contract shrink
reduce shrink
miniaturise miniaturize
shrivel_up shrivel
shrink shrivel
wither shrivel
die_down die_back
dry_up mummify
unify unite
merge unite
foreshorten abridge
abbreviate abridge
shorten abridge
cut abridge
contract abridge
reduce abridge
capsule encapsulate
capsulize encapsulate
capsulise encapsulate
condense digest
concentrate digest
let_up abate
slack_off abate
slack abate
die_away abate
abate slake
slack slake
duplicate double
treble triple
manifold multiply
age senesce
get_on senesce
mature senesce
maturate senesce
come_on progress
come_along progress
advance progress
get_on progress
get_along progress
shape_up progress
retrograde regress
retrogress regress
fossilise fossilize
mature ripen
maturate mature
grow mature
find find_oneself
work_up work_out
work_out elaborate
educe derive
work_up build_up
build build_up
progress build_up
work_up build_up
build build_up
ramp_up build_up
antiquate antique
make_grow develop
melt mellow
mellow_out mellow
incrust encrust
inflate balloon
billow balloon
bulk bulge
swell_up swell
intumesce swell
tumefy swell
tumesce swell
belly_out belly
take_in_water bilge
smite afflict
injure hurt
mend repair
fix repair
bushel repair
doctor repair
furbish_up repair
restore repair
touch_on repair
fiddle tinker
patch piece
repoint point
modernize overhaul
modernise overhaul
troubleshoot trouble-shoot
patch_up patch
blemish flaw
pouch bulge
protrude bulge
puff_up puff
blow_up puff
puff_out puff
blow_up inflate
blow_up inflate
expand inflate
amplify inflate
acetify acidify
alkalise alkalize
alkalify alkalize
basify alkalize
polymerise polymerize
copolymerise copolymerize
polymerise polymerize
ionise ionize
ionise ionize
catalyse catalyze
dwindle_away dwindle
dwindle_down dwindle
lower turn_down
lour turn_down
get_over get_well
bounce_back get_well
relapse get_worse
paralyse paralyze
paralyse paralyze
stupefy stun
immobilise immobilize
block freeze
immobilize freeze
immobilise freeze
unfreeze unblock
free unblock
release unblock
immobilise immobilize
mobilise mobilize
circulate mobilize
mobilise mobilize
marshal mobilize
summon mobilize
heal mend
stabilise stabilize
destabilise destabilize
stabilise stabilize
destabilise destabilize
sensitise sensitize
sensify sensitize
sensibilize sensitize
sensibilise sensitize
desensitise desensitize
harden inure
indurate inure
cauterize callous
cauterise callous
steel_onself_for steel_oneself_against
brace_oneself_for steel_oneself_against
prepare_for steel_oneself_against
accustom habituate
rust corrode
eat corrode
rust corrode
eat_away fret
eat_away erode
fret erode
gnaw erode
gnaw_at erode
eat_at erode
wear_away erode
regularise regularize
tidy_up tidy
clean_up tidy
neaten tidy
straighten tidy
straighten_out tidy
square_away tidy
make_up make
mess_up mess
disarray disorder
derange perturb
throw_out_of_kilter perturb
antedate predate
foredate predate
chronologise chronologize
randomise randomize
serialise serialize
alphabetise alphabetize
bleach_out bleach
decolor bleach
decolour bleach
decolorize bleach
decolourize bleach
decolorise bleach
decolourise bleach
discolorize bleach
discolourise bleach
discolorise bleach
white whiten
melanize blacken
melanise blacken
nigrify blacken
black blacken
melanise melanize
lighten_up lighten
discolour discolor
colour discolor
color discolor
yarn-dye impress
colorize color
colorise color
colourise color
colourize color
colour color
color_in color
colour_in color
parti-color motley
polychromize polychrome
polychromise polychrome
empurple purple
purpurate purple
brown embrown
handcolour handcolor
ebonise ebonize
tinct tint
tinge tint
touch tint
hue imbue
gray grey
gray grey
intensify escalate
step_up escalate
weaken de-escalate
step_down de-escalate
ray irradiate
illume light
illumine light
light_up light
illuminate light
cut_off cut
mangle mutilate
cut_up mutilate
curtail clip
cut_short clip
beautify fancify
embellish fancify
prettify fancify
window-dress dress_up
blossom_out blossom
blossom_forth blossom
unfold blossom
spruce spruce_up
titivate spruce_up
tittivate spruce_up
smarten_up spruce_up
slick_up spruce_up
spiff_up spruce_up
blossom bloom
flower bloom
burst_forth effloresce
spike_out spike
season temper
mollify temper
harden season
tune_up tune
graduate calibrate
fine-tune calibrate
tune_up tune
set adjust
correct adjust
zero_in zero
reset readjust
pitch gear
modulate regulate
accommodate adapt
anglicize anglicise
dispose qualify
unfit disqualify
indispose disqualify
orient tailor
tame domesticate
domesticize domesticate
domesticise domesticate
reclaim domesticate
tame domesticate
cultivate domesticate
naturalize domesticate
naturalise domesticate
tame domesticate
tweak fine-tune
harden temper
temper anneal
normalize anneal
widen let_out
flare flare_out
constringe constrict
narrow constrict
contract narrow
distend dilate
go_off implode
burst explode
explode detonate
blow_up detonate
burst_forth explode
break_loose explode
detonate explode
blow_up explode
set_off explode
belch erupt
extravasate erupt
irrupt erupt
flare_up erupt
flare erupt
break_open erupt
burst_out erupt
oxygenise oxygenize
oxygenise oxygenize
recrudesce erupt
break_out erupt
split burst
break_open burst
stave_in stave
thrive boom
flourish boom
expand boom
dim blur
slur blur
efface obliterate
dim blind
blacken_out black_out
lighten_up brighten
lighten brighten
blear blur
bedim obscure
overcloud obscure
bedim benight
blot_out obscure
obliterate obscure
veil obscure
hide obscure
focalize focus
focalise focus
sharpen focus
focalize focus
focalise focus
undervalue depreciate
devaluate depreciate
devalue depreciate
apprize appreciate
apprise appreciate
write_off expense
write_down expense
apprize appreciate
apprise appreciate
revalue appreciate
cut_short truncate
protract prolong
extend prolong
draw_out prolong
temporise temporize
spin_out spin
stretch elongate
shoetree tree
stuff farce
bolster pad
micro-cook microwave
zap microwave
nuke microwave
toast crispen
crisp crispen
parboil blanch
roll seethe
barbecue barbeque
cook_out barbeque
slenderise slenderize
deep-fry french-fry
infuse steep
oven_broil broil
ramify branch
fork branch
furcate branch
separate branch
branch ramify
arborise arborize
atomise atomize
dialyze dialyse
disperse break_up
scatter break_up
peptise peptize
mash grind
crunch grind
bray grind
comminute grind
powderise powderize
powder powderize
pulverize powderize
pulverise powderize
pulverize powderize
pulverise powderize
powderise powderize
unravel run
zone partition
separate_off screen_off
bust burst
separate break
split_up break
fall_apart break
come_apart break
run ladder
dash smash
knock_down blast
check crack
break crack
chink check
crack snap
sliver splinter
fragment break_up
fragmentize break_up
fragmentise break_up
dismiss dissolve
recrudesce break
develop break
come_up arise
hap happen
go_on happen
pass_off happen
occur happen
pass happen
fall_out happen
come_about happen
take_place happen
go proceed
drag_on drag
drag_out drag
descend fall
settle fall
repeat recur
come_off go_off
go_over go_off
roll_around come_around
materialize happen
materialise happen
dematerialise dematerialize
befall happen
bechance happen
bechance befall
betide befall
coincide concur
break_out erupt
begin get_down
get get_down
start_out get_down
start get_down
set_about get_down
set_out get_down
commence get_down
launch plunge
enter embark
bestir_oneself get_cracking
get_going get_cracking
get_moving get_cracking
get_weaving get_cracking
get_started get_cracking
get_rolling get_cracking
lead_off begin
start begin
commence begin
jump-start jumpstart
usher_in inaugurate
introduce inaugurate
restart resume
re-start resume
take_up resume
persist persevere
hang_in persevere
hang_on persevere
hold_on persevere
ask_for_trouble ask_for_it
plug_away plug
stick_with stick_to
follow stick_to
land_up finish_up
fetch_up finish_up
end_up finish_up
wind_up finish_up
finish finish_up
terminate end
give_the_bounce give_the_axe
give_the_gate give_the_axe
raise lift
axe ax
stanch stem
staunch stem
halt stem
kill stamp_out
break_up dissolve
break_up dissolve
level_off level
buckle heave
warp heave
spud shoot
germinate shoot
pullulate shoot
bourgeon shoot
burgeon_forth shoot
sprout shoot
decease die
perish die
go die
exit die
pass_away die
expire die
pass die
kick_the_bucket die
cash_in_one's_chips die
buy_the_farm die
conk die
give-up_the_ghost die
drop_dead die
pop_off die
choke die
croak die
snuff_it die
stifle suffocate
asphyxiate suffocate
pip_out buy_it
leave_behind leave
come_into_being come_to_life
mist_over mist
defog demist
curve curl
kink curl
break_off break
discontinue break
stop break
stop hold_on
break_short cut_short
break_off cut_short
knock_off drop
nolle_prosequi nolle_pros
nol.pros. nolle_pros
suspend freeze
bog bog_down
bog bog_down
break interrupt
recess adjourn
break_up adjourn
pasteurise pasteurize
distill condense
distil condense
concentrate condense
contract condense
sublimate sublime
sublimate sublime
vaporize evaporate
vaporise evaporate
unite unify
merge unify
unitise unitize
clot clog
syncretise syncretize
break_apart disunify
federalize federate
federalise federate
federalize federate
federalise federate
carbonise carbonize
chill cool
cool_down cool
cool_off cool
cool_down cool
chill cool
cool_down cool
heat_up heat
hot_up heat
heat_up heat
warm_up warm
carbonise carbonize
carburize carbonize
carburise carbonize
cauterise cauterize
burn cauterize
overboil boil_over
flash-freeze quick-freeze
thaw dissolve
unfreeze dissolve
unthaw dissolve
dethaw dissolve
melt dissolve
deice defrost
de-ice defrost
combust burn
burn_up burn_down
go_up burn_down
smoulder smolder
scorch sear
incinerate burn
swinge singe
fire burn
burn_down burn
blacken char
sear char
scorch char
vesicate blister
change_over switch
shift switch
commute permute
transpose permute
represent map
change_over convert
metricise metricize
metrify metricize
metricate metricize
transmute transform
metamorphose transform
transmute transform
transubstantiate transform
sorcerise sorcerize
transform translate
metricise metricize
transfigure metamorphose
transmogrify metamorphose
reclaim reform
regenerate reform
rectify reform
moralise moralize
Islamise islamize
Christianise christianize
Islamise islamize
evangelise evangelize
catholicise catholicize
latinize catholicize
latinise catholicize
invert turn_back
reverse turn_back
reverse invert
return revert
retrovert revert
regress revert
turn_back revert
customise customize
personalise personalize
individualize personalize
individualise personalize
depersonalise depersonalize
objectify depersonalize
waste lay_waste_to
devastate lay_waste_to
desolate lay_waste_to
ravage lay_waste_to
scourge lay_waste_to
ravage harry
emaciate waste
macerate waste
debilitate enfeeble
drain enfeeble
waste pine_away
languish pine_away
damp dampen
soften dampen
weaken dampen
break dampen
deaden dampen
damp dampen
dampen stifle
choke suffocate
choke suffocate
choke_down choke_off
choke_back choke_off
heighten sharpen
subtilise subtilize
taper sharpen
point sharpen
drop flatten
acclimatise acclimatize
acclimate acclimatize
synchronise synchronize
sync synchronize
desynchronise desynchronize
flux blend
mix blend
conflate blend
commingle blend
immix blend
fuse blend
coalesce blend
meld blend
combine blend
merge blend
meld melt
mix_in blend_in
fall_apart crumble
decay disintegrate
decompose disintegrate
magnetise magnetize
demagnetise demagnetize
degauss demagnetize
refine complicate
rarify complicate
elaborate complicate
ramify complexify
perplex complicate
snarl_up snarl
embrangle snarl
pressurise pressurize
pressurise pressurize
pressurize supercharge
pressurise supercharge
depressurise depressurize
decompress depressurize
reconstitute restructure
organise organize
coordinate organize
mesh interlock
centralise centralize
concentrate centralize
deconcentrate decentralize
decentralise decentralize
socialise socialize
socialise socialize
prepare fix
set_up fix
ready fix
gear_up fix
set fix
lay_out set_up
set set_up
set rig
set_up rig
winterise winterize
summerise summerize
communise communize
internationalise internationalize
communise communize
bolshevize communize
bolshevise communize
Americanise americanize
Europeanise europeanize
Europeanise europeanize
bestialise bestialize
Americanise americanize
modernise modernize
develop modernize
civilise civilize
nationalise nationalize
denationalise denationalize
privatise privatize
naturalise naturalize
denaturalise denaturalize
naturalise naturalize
denaturalise denaturalize
naturalise naturalize
take_in adopt
locate settle
colonise colonize
root settle
take_root settle
steady_down settle
settle_down settle
calm steady
becalm steady
even_out even
even_out even
match equal
equalize equal
equalise equal
equate equal
homologise homologize
ossify rigidify
petrify rigidify
tighten stiffen
tighten_up stiffen
constrain stiffen
crack_down clamp_down
relax loosen
loose loosen
loose loosen
unbend relax
fasten tighten
firm tauten
firm tauten
transitivise transitivize
detransitivise detransitivize
intransitivize detransitivize
intransitivise detransitivize
remit slacken
dowse douse
remove absent
fade evanesce
blow_over evanesce
pass_off evanesce
fleet evanesce
pass evanesce
wither fade
come_to_hand come_to_light
come_out come_on
turn_up come_on
surface come_on
show_up come_on
be_on get_on
come_along appear
crop_out basset
come_out appear
burst_out pop_out
re-emerge reappear
come_through break_through
vanish disappear
go_away disappear
disappear vanish
take_a_powder skip_town
die_off die_out
minimise minimize
maximise maximize
maximise maximize
cut_down reduce
cut_back reduce
trim reduce
trim_down reduce
trim_back reduce
cut reduce
bring_down reduce
inspissate thicken
inspissate thicken
inspissate thicken
go_down decline
wane decline
rise heighten
fall_off slump
sink slump
mount wax
climb wax
rise wax
full wax
amplify magnify
go_bad fail
give_way fail
die fail
give_out fail
conk_out fail
go fail
break fail
break_down fail
go_down crash
yield give_way
burn_out blow_out
blow blow_out
unroll unfurl
wrap_up roll_up
furl roll_up
branch_out diversify
broaden diversify
radiate diversify
variegate vary
motley vary
chequer checker
specialise specialize
narrow specialize
narrow_down specialize
specialise specialize
overspecialise overspecialize
speed_up accelerate
speed accelerate
quicken accelerate
slow_down decelerate
speed accelerate
speed_up accelerate
rev rev_up
step_up rev_up
slow decelerate
slow_down decelerate
slow_up decelerate
retard decelerate
retard check
delay check
slow_down slow
slow_up slow
slack slow
slacken slow
slow_down slow
slow_up slow
constipate clog
slacken slack
slack_up slack
relax slack
lessen decrease
minify decrease
belittle diminish
invigorate quicken
vaporize gasify
vaporise gasify
aerify gasify
set jell
congeal jell
indurate harden
indurate harden
crystalize crystallize
crystalise crystallize
effloresce crystallize
flux liquefy
liquify liquefy
liquify liquefy
liquidize liquefy
liquidise liquefy
run melt
melt_down melt
render try
freeze_out freeze
freeze_down freeze
crystallise crystallize
crystalize crystallize
crystalise crystallize
resolve dissolve
break_up dissolve
fade_out dissolve
fade_away dissolve
void invalidate
vitiate invalidate
discharge empty
clear_out clean_out
flow_off flow_away
bale_out bail_out
fill_up fill
fill_up fill
make_full fill
refill replenish
fill_again replenish
perfuse suffuse
flush_down wash_down
flush sluice
scour flush
purge flush
imbue soak
fit match
homogenise homogenize
homogenise homogenize
homogenise homogenize
clabber curdle
clot curdle
coagulate clot
coagulate clot
turn sour
ferment sour
work sour
work ferment
hurry rush
hasten rush
hurry rush
look_sharp rush
festinate rush
detain delay
hold_up delay
detain stay
delay stay
quieten hush
silence hush
still hush
shut_up hush
hush_up hush
stamp_down suppress
inhibit suppress
subdue suppress
conquer suppress
curb suppress
quell squelch
quench squelch
flatten_out flatten
steamroller steamroll
aline align
line_up align
adjust align
synchronise synchronize
synchronise synchronize
realine realign
true_up true
luxate dislocate
splay dislocate
slip dislocate
ordinate align
coordinate align
incorporate integrate
standardise standardize
normalise normalize
renormalize normalize
renormalise normalize
normalise normalize
wear_off wear
wear_out wear
wear_down wear
wear_thin wear
droop wilt
neutralise neutralize
neutralise neutralize
nullify neutralize
negate neutralize
commercialise commercialize
market commercialize
annihilate eliminate
extinguish eliminate
eradicate eliminate
wipe_out eliminate
decimate eliminate
carry_off eliminate
wipe_out cancel_out
eliminate extinguish
get_rid_of extinguish
do_away_with extinguish
scintillate sparkle
coruscate sparkle
prune cut
rationalize cut
rationalise cut
hone perfect
round polish
round_off polish
polish_up polish
brush_up polish
refine polish
fine-tune polish
down polish
over-refine overrefine
rectify refine
sublimate purify
make_pure purify
distill purify
purge purify
sanctify purify
spiritualise spiritualize
distort deform
strain deform
impair mar
spoil mar
deflower mar
vitiate mar
extinguish snuff_out
crush_out stub_out
extinguish stub_out
press_out stub_out
obliterate kill
wipe_out kill
slaughter massacre
mow_down massacre
wipe_out erase
mechanise mechanize
dehumanise dehumanize
automatise automatize
automate automatize
automatise automatize
semi-automatise semi-automatize
mechanise mechanize
mechanise mechanize
motorize mechanize
motorise mechanize
systematise systematize
systemize systematize
systemise systematize
finalise finalize
settle finalize
nail_down finalize
harmonise harmonize
chord harmonize
harmonise harmonize
reconcile harmonize
reconcile accommodate
conciliate accommodate
harmonise harmonize
compartmentalise compartmentalize
cut_up compartmentalize
finish complete
top_off top
wrap_up get_through
finish_off get_through
mop_up get_through
polish_off get_through
clear_up get_through
finish_up get_through
finish_out round_out
climax culminate
top crown
follow_up follow_through
follow_out follow_through
carry_out follow_through
implement follow_through
put_through follow_through
go_through follow_through
settle_on fixate
fix fixate
polarise polarize
polarise polarize
polarise polarize
adulterate load
stretch load
dilute load
debase load
doctor sophisticate
doctor_up sophisticate
strip leach
ventilate vent
air_out vent
air vent
linearise linearize
measure quantify
step pace
time clock
sound fathom
befoul foul
defile foul
maculate foul
foul pollute
contaminate pollute
alloy debase
devaluate devalue
demonetise demonetize
insulate isolate
ghettoise ghettoize
sequestrate sequester
keep_apart sequester
set_apart sequester
isolate sequester
sequester seclude
sequestrate seclude
withdraw seclude
advance boost
supercharge boost
saturate impregnate
drench imbrue
infuse impregnate
instill impregnate
tincture impregnate
urbanise urbanize
urbanise urbanize
industrialise industrialize
fertilise fertilize
feed fertilize
excite stimulate
vellicate pinch
fecundate fertilize
fertilise fertilize
federalise federalize
nitrogenize nitrify
nitrogenise nitrify
detoxicate detoxify
wire electrify
jelly jellify
petrify lapidify
fossilise fossilize
stigmatise stigmatize
dapple mottle
cloud mottle
asterisk star
spume froth
suds froth
disenable disable
incapacitate disable
play_down background
downplay background
highlight foreground
spotlight foreground
play_up foreground
set_off bring_out
de-emphasise de-emphasize
destress de-emphasize
tenderize tender
tenderise tender
treat process
sulfur sulphur
vulcanise vulcanize
bituminise bituminize
Agenise agenize
ease facilitate
alleviate facilitate
froth foam
fizz foam
effervesce foam
sparkle foam
form_bubbles foam
disturb interrupt
disrupt interrupt
diagonalise diagonalize
archaise archaize
get receive
find receive
obtain receive
incur receive
officialise officialize
marbleise marbleize
occidentalise occidentalize
westernize occidentalize
westernise occidentalize
orientalise orientalize
acetylize acetylate
acetylise acetylate
acetylize acetylate
acetylise acetylate
achromatise achromatize
acquire assume
adopt assume
take_on assume
take assume
collimate parallel
ritualise ritualize
brominate bromate
hack_on hack
classicise classicize
cloture closure
conventionalise conventionalize
go_back recover
recuperate recover
rebound rally
emerge issue
come_out issue
come_forth issue
go_forth issue
egress issue
decarbonise decarbonize
decarburize decarbonize
decarburise decarbonize
decoke decarbonize
decimalise decimalize
decimalise decimalize
desolate depopulate
lour lower
desalt desalinate
desalinize desalinate
desalinise desalinate
detract take_away
envenom poison
exteriorise exteriorize
externalize exteriorize
externalise exteriorize
objectify exteriorize
glamourise glamorize
glamourize glamorize
glamorise glamorize
sentimentalise sentimentalize
resole sole
revamp vamp
reheel heel
laicise laicize
politicise politicize
romanticise romanticize
shoal shallow
shoal shallow
vulcanise vulcanize
dull pall
pall die
become_flat die
go move
run move
initiate lead_up
crack break_through
open_up open
open_up open
broaden widen
extend widen
territorialise territorialize
globalise globalize
expand extend
castrate emasculate
set_aside suspend
dress_out dress
grow develop
bake broil
raise lift
elevate lift
acquire develop
evolve develop
effuse flow_out
whiteout white-out
batter dinge
demonise demonize
devilise devilize
diabolize devilize
diabolise devilize
etherialise etherealize
immaterialise immaterialize
unsubstantialize immaterialize
unsubstantialise immaterialize
animise animize
animate animize
return come_back
come_out erupt
break_through erupt
push_through erupt
mutilate mangle
murder mangle
make_unnecessary save
lift raise
shift switch
change switch
change deepen
channel-surf surf
dynamise dynamize
dynamise dynamize
concretise concretize
sublimate rarefy
subtilize rarefy
volatilise volatilize
uniformise uniformize
symmetrise symmetrize
immortalise immortalize
eternize immortalize
eternise immortalize
eternalize immortalize
eternalise immortalize
transpose commute
syncretise syncretize
sanitise sanitize
transpose transfer
transplant transfer
wash_out wash
wash_off wash
wash_away wash
calm_down lull
energize excite
energise excite
spice_up spice
run_out fail
give_out fail
jump leap
initialize format
initialise format
digitise digitize
digitalize digitize
digitalise digitize
hydrolyse hydrolyze
hydrolise hydrolize
fold_up fold
crumple rumple
wrinkle rumple
crease rumple
crinkle rumple
gelatinise gelatinize
gelatinise gelatinize
felt_up felt
mat_up felt
matt-up felt
matte_up felt
matte felt
mat felt
feminise feminize
effeminize feminize
effeminise feminize
womanize feminize
masculinise masculinize
virilize masculinize
virilise masculinize
feminise feminize
dissonate disharmonize
sexualise sexualize
schematise schematize
constitutionalise constitutionalize
rationalise rationalize
stalinise stalinize
destalinise destalinize
plasticise plasticize
plasticise plasticize
take_away remove
paganise paganize
deaminize deaminate
sensitise sensitize
sensitise sensitize
depolarise depolarize
demineralise demineralize
isomerise isomerize
isomerise isomerize
vaporise evaporate
vaporise evaporate
clear_out expectorate
drive_out expectorate
keratinise keratinize
keratinise keratinize
industrialise industrialize
militarise militarize
nationalise nationalize
popularise popularize
sentimentalise sentimentalize
solemnise solemnize
subdue subordinate
territorialise territorialize
glorify transfigure
spiritualize transfigure
visualise visualize
vascularise vascularize
vulgarize vulgarise
sear scorch
singe scorch
professionalise professionalize
professionalise professionalize
flip_out flip
ozonise ozonize
sex_up eroticize
get_the_picture grok
comprehend grok
savvy grok
dig grok
grasp grok
compass grok
apprehend grok
smell_out smell
sense smell
get catch
get_wise catch_on
get_onto catch_on
tumble catch_on
latch_on catch_on
cotton_on catch_on
twig catch_on
get_it catch_on
realize understand
realise understand
see understand
get_through click
dawn click
come_home click
get_across click
sink_in click
penetrate click
fall_into_place click
come_across resonate
take_account appreciate
recognize acknowledge
recognise acknowledge
know acknowledge
infer understand
read understand
interpret understand
translate understand
sympathise sympathize
empathize sympathize
empathise sympathize
understand sympathize
cognize know
cognise know
be_with_it know_the_score
be_on_the_ball know_the_score
know_what's_going_on know_the_score
know_what's_what know_the_score
experience know
live know
live_over relive
control master
get_the_hang master
larn learn
acquire learn
hear learn
get_word learn
get_wind learn
pick_up learn
find_out learn
get_a_line learn
discover learn
see learn
catch trip_up
study learn
read learn
take learn
engross absorb
engage absorb
occupy absorb
immerse steep
engulf steep
plunge steep
engross steep
absorb steep
soak_up steep
immerse plunge
embrace espouse
adopt espouse
sweep_up espouse
latch_on take_up
fasten_on take_up
hook_on take_up
seize_on take_up
assimilate absorb
ingest absorb
take_in absorb
prepare train
develop train
prepare train
educate train
house-train housebreak
memorise memorize
con memorize
learn memorize
alternate understudy
revolutionise revolutionize
inspire revolutionize
grind_away cram
drum cram
bone_up cram
swot cram
get_up cram
mug_up cram
swot_up cram
bone cram
exercise drill
practice drill
practise drill
drill_in hammer_in
ram_down hammer_in
beat_in hammer_in
instill inculcate
infuse inculcate
hit_the_books study
retrieve remember
recall remember
call_back remember
call_up remember
recollect remember
think remember
slip_one's_mind slip
block forget
blank_out forget
draw_a_blank forget
spring_to_mind come_to_mind
bear_in_mind mind
think_of remember
bury forget
recognise recognize
think_back remember
remember commemorate
memorialize commemorate
memorialise commemorate
immortalize commemorate
immortalise commemorate
record commemorate
monumentalise monumentalize
mark commemorate
repress suppress
leave forget
give_up abandon
forsake abandon
desolate abandon
desert abandon
pretermit neglect
omit neglect
drop neglect
miss neglect
leave_out neglect
overlook neglect
overleap neglect
except exclude
leave_out exclude
leave_off exclude
omit exclude
take_out exclude
pass_over jump
skip jump
skip_over jump
take_to_heart attend_to
ignore neglect
disregard neglect
cold-shoulder slight
mistake err
slip err
slip_up stumble
trip_up stumble
misidentify mistake
typecast type
place identify
confound confuse
misinterpret misconstrue
misconceive misconstrue
misunderstand misconstrue
misapprehend misconstrue
be_amiss misconstrue
mix_up stump
muddle addle
puddle addle
blur confuse
obscure confuse
obnubilate confuse
clear_up clear
shed_light_on clear
crystallize clear
crystallise clear
crystalize clear
crystalise clear
straighten_out clear
sort_out clear
enlighten clear
illuminate clear
elucidate clear
throw confuse
fox confuse
befuddle confuse
fuddle confuse
bedevil confuse
confound confuse
discombobulate confuse
vex perplex
stick perplex
get perplex
puzzle perplex
mystify perplex
baffle perplex
beat perplex
pose perplex
bewilder perplex
flummox perplex
stupefy perplex
nonplus perplex
gravel perplex
amaze perplex
dumbfound perplex
construe interpret
see interpret
mythicise mythicize
literalise literalize
spiritualise spiritualize
allegorise allegorize
read take
misinterpret misread
idealise idealize
anagrammatize anagram
anagrammatise anagram
impanel empanel
panel empanel
trace decipher
scan read
skim_over skim
lip-read lipread
speech-read lipread
subedit copyread
copyedit copyread
proof proofread
cogitate think
cerebrate think
rationalise rationalize
rationalise_away rationalize_away
philosophise philosophize
think_over chew_over
meditate chew_over
ponder chew_over
excogitate chew_over
contemplate chew_over
muse chew_over
reflect chew_over
mull chew_over
mull_over chew_over
ruminate chew_over
speculate chew_over
theologise theologize
opine think
suppose think
imagine think
reckon think
guess think
presume assume
take_for_granted assume
theorize speculate
theorise speculate
conjecture speculate
hypothesize speculate
hypothesise speculate
hypothecate speculate
suppose speculate
construct reconstruct
retrace reconstruct
etymologise etymologize
reason_out reason
conclude reason
work_out solve
figure_out solve
puzzle_out solve
lick solve
work solve
resolve answer
infer guess
infer deduce
deduct deduce
derive deduce
base establish
ground establish
found establish
cipher calculate
cypher calculate
compute calculate
work_out calculate
reckon calculate
figure calculate
quantise quantize
misestimate miscalculate
average_out average
factor_in factor
factor_out factor
factor_in factor
factor_out factor
add_together add
foot_up foot
deduct subtract
take_off subtract
fraction divide
extrapolate interpolate
analyse analyze
psychoanalyze analyze
psychoanalyse analyze
analyse analyze
break_down analyze
dissect analyze
take_apart analyze
synthesise synthesize
analyse analyze
study analyze
examine analyze
canvass analyze
canvas analyze
botanise botanize
name diagnose
appraise survey
mensurate measure
measure_out measure
calliper caliper
search research
explore research
beat_about cast_about
cast_around cast_about
spelunk cave
know_apart discriminate
separate distinguish
differentiate distinguish
secern distinguish
secernate distinguish
severalize distinguish
severalise distinguish
tell distinguish
tell_apart distinguish
individualise individualize
mark distinguish
differentiate distinguish
discover identify
key identify
key_out identify
distinguish identify
describe identify
name identify
catalog catalogue
analogise analogize
syllogise syllogize
liken compare
equate compare
come_around come_round
class classify
sort classify
assort classify
sort_out classify
separate classify
dichotomise dichotomize
stereotype pigeonhole
stamp pigeonhole
lump collocate
chunk collocate
categorise categorize
score grade
mark grade
rank rate
range rate
order rate
grade rate
place rate
come_in place
come_out place
prioritise prioritize
value rate
severalise severalize
check_up_on check
look_into check
check_out check
suss_out check
check_over check
go_over check
check_into check
check_off check
mark check
mark_off check
tick_off check
tick check
check see
insure see
see_to_it see
ensure see
control see
ascertain see
assure see
demonstrate prove
establish prove
show prove
shew prove
establish lay_down
make lay_down
corroborate confirm
sustain confirm
substantiate confirm
support confirm
affirm confirm
contradict negate
nullify invalidate
confute disprove
rebut refute
controvert refute
endure digest
stick_out digest
stomach digest
bear digest
stand digest
tolerate digest
support digest
brook digest
abide digest
suffer digest
put_up digest
live_with accept
swallow accept
hold_still_for stand_for
submit take
pass_judgment evaluate
judge evaluate
underrate underestimate
overcapitalise overcapitalize
overrate overestimate
gauge estimate
approximate estimate
guess estimate
judge estimate
quantise quantize
put place
set place
underestimate lowball
frown_upon frown_on
take choose
select choose
pick_out choose
sift sieve
go plump
extract excerpt
take_out excerpt
winnow cull_out
skim_off cream_off
pick_over sieve_out
specify assign
set_apart assign
prefer choose
opt choose
cop_out opt_out
prepossess prejudice
predetermine bias
angle slant
weight slant
incline dispose
disincline indispose
evaluate measure
valuate measure
assess measure
appraise measure
value measure
standardise standardize
reevaluate reassess
discredit disbelieve
colligate subsume
eliminate rule_out
winnow_out rule_out
reject rule_out
mistrust distrust
suspect distrust
swear trust
rely trust
bank trust
believe think
consider think
conceive think
repute think_of
regard_as think_of
look_upon think_of
look_on think_of
esteem think_of
take_to_be think_of
consider see
reckon see
view see
regard see
relativise relativize
favour favor
hypostatise hypostatize
idealise idealize
romanticise romanticize
glamorize romanticize
glamourise romanticize
apotheosise apotheosize
apotheose apotheosize
hold deem
view_as deem
take_for deem
esteem respect
value respect
prize respect
prise respect
disesteem disrespect
overestimate overvalue
underestimate undervalue
reexamine review
look_back review
retrospect review
go_over review
survey review
brush_up review
refresh review
scrutinize audit
scrutinise audit
inspect audit
make_up_one's_mind decide
determine decide
settle decide
resolve decide
adjudicate decide
resolve purpose
set determine
initialise initialize
shape determine
mold determine
influence determine
regulate determine
foreordain predestine
preordain predestine
predestinate predestine
foreordain predestine
dwell brood
meditate study
contemplate study
be_after plan
aspire draw_a_bead_on
aim draw_a_bead_on
shoot_for draw_a_bead_on
go_for hope
propose project
compose frame
draw_up frame
cabal conspire
complot conspire
conjure conspire
machinate conspire
collude conspire
intrigue scheme
connive scheme
mean intend
think intend
purpose aim
purport aim
propose aim
destine intend
designate intend
specify intend
engineer mastermind
direct mastermind
organize mastermind
organise mastermind
orchestrate mastermind
plot plat
think_of entertain
toy_with entertain
flirt_with entertain
think_about entertain
trifle dally
play dally
estimate calculate
reckon calculate
count_on calculate
figure calculate
forecast calculate
misestimate miscalculate
count reckon
bet count
depend count
look count
calculate count
reckon count
aim calculate
direct calculate
tie_in associate
relate associate
link associate
colligate associate
link_up associate
connect associate
dissociate decouple
feel find
peg_down pin_down
nail_down pin_down
narrow_down pin_down
narrow pin_down
specify pin_down
decree rule
overturn overrule
override overrule
overthrow overrule
reverse overrule
suppose presuppose
suppose presuppose
posit postulate
assert insist
premiss premise
respond react
flip_out flip
anticipate expect
look expect
await expect
wait expect
previse anticipate
foreknow anticipate
foresee anticipate
trust believe
find discover
ferret ferret_out
focus concentrate
center concentrate
centre concentrate
pore concentrate
rivet concentrate
come occur
take_into_account allow
appropriate allow
earmark allow
set_aside allow
reserve allow
mind beware
astonish amaze
astound amaze
boggle flabbergast
bowl_over flabbergast
ascribe impute
assign impute
attribute impute
carnalize sensualize
anthropomorphise anthropomorphize
personate personify
credit accredit
charge blame
ingrain impress
instill impress
recognise recognize
realize recognize
realise recognize
agnize recognize
agnise recognize
fathom penetrate
bottom penetrate
follow trace
inquire wonder
enquire wonder
externalize project
externalise project
internalise internalize
interiorize internalize
interiorise internalize
have_in_mind think_of
mean think_of
delimit demarcate
delimitate demarcate
make draw
capitalise capitalize
capitalise capitalize
overcapitalise overcapitalize
catch_out find_out
concentre concenter
focalize concenter
focalise concenter
focus concenter
pay give
devote give
reconcile resign
submit resign
keep observe
maintain observe
solve resolve
factorise factorize
array align
take consider
deal consider
look_at consider
implant plant
datemark dateline
date-mark dateline
date_stamp date
set_up arrange
put arrange
order arrange
synchronise synchronize
contemporize synchronize
contemporise synchronize
analyse analyze
factor_analyze factor_analyse
drink drink_in
seize grab
clutch seize
get_hold_of seize
get_one's_lumps take_one's_lumps
classify relegate
attribute assign
intercommunicate communicate
gab yak
finger-spell fingerspell
aphorise aphorize
pass_on communicate
pass communicate
pass_along communicate
put_across communicate
get_through reach
get_hold_of reach
contact reach
diphthongise diphthongize
put_over get_across
vocalise vocalize
phonate vocalize
fate destine
doom destine
designate destine
tell order
enjoin order
say order
prescribe order
dictate order
thrust force
obtrude intrude
sting stick
bring_down inflict
visit inflict
impose inflict
saddle charge
burden charge
deluge overwhelm
flood_out overwhelm
require command
bespeak request
call_for request
quest request
invoke appeal
require ask
expect ask
take claim
exact claim
pretend profess
postulate contend
renounce disown
repudiate disown
apostatise apostatize
tergiversate apostatize
take claim
implore beg
pray beg
beseech bid
entreat bid
adjure bid
press bid
conjure bid
communicate commune
mediate intercede
intermediate intercede
liaise intercede
arbitrate intercede
solve clear
negotiate negociate
talk_terms negociate
renegotiate renegociate
renegotiate renegociate
square_off settle
square_up settle
determine settle
patch_up reconcile
make_up reconcile
conciliate reconcile
settle reconcile
appease propitiate
urge_on urge
press urge
exhort urge
bear_on push
bring_around bring_round
memorialise memorialize
cajole wheedle
palaver wheedle
blarney wheedle
coax wheedle
sweet-talk wheedle
inveigle wheedle
win_over convert
convince convert
proselytise proselytize
deter dissuade
stimulate induce
cause induce
have induce
get induce
make induce
inspire prompt
instigate prompt
reason argue
indicate argue
represent present
lay_out present
contend argue
debate argue
fence argue
niggle quibble
pettifog quibble
bicker quibble
squabble quibble
brabble quibble
wrangle brawl
clamour clamor
polemise polemize
polemicize polemize
polemicise polemize
dispute quarrel
scrap quarrel
argufy quarrel
altercate quarrel
controvert oppose
contradict oppose
influence charm
tempt charm
bewitch hex
glamour hex
witch hex
enchant hex
jinx hex
mesmerize magnetize
mesmerise magnetize
magnetise magnetize
bewitch magnetize
spellbind magnetize
insist importune
disrupt interrupt
break_up interrupt
cut_off interrupt
put_aside put_away
intermit pause
break pause
breathe rest
catch_one's_breath rest
take_a_breather rest
cut_in chime_in
put_in chime_in
butt_in chime_in
chisel_in chime_in
barge_in chime_in
break_in chime_in
burst_upon burst_in_on
stray digress
divagate digress
wander digress
go_on continue
carry_on continue
proceed continue
plow_ahead go_ahead
solicit hook
accost hook
beg solicit
tap solicit
lure entice
tempt entice
snare hook
inquire ask
enquire ask
query question
stag spy
snoop spy
sleuth spy
inquire investigate
enquire investigate
test quiz
cross_question cross_examine
catechise catechize
catechise catechize
reward reinforce
question interrogate
examine probe
look_into investigate
telephone call
call_up call
phone call
ring call
hold_the_line hang_on
hold_on hang_on
summons summon
cite summon
call_back recall
send_for call
convene convoke
bid invite
allure tempt
stimulate provoke
turn call_on
programme program
prohibit forbid
interdict forbid
proscribe forbid
veto forbid
disallow forbid
nix forbid
debar bar
exclude bar
spurn reject
freeze_off reject
scorn reject
pooh-pooh reject
disdain reject
turn_down reject
decline refuse
consent accept
go_for accept
snub rebuff
repel rebuff
recant abjure
forswear abjure
retract abjure
resile abjure
take_back swallow
unsay swallow
withdraw swallow
pull_back retreat
back_out retreat
back_away retreat
crawfish retreat
crawfish_out retreat
pull_in_one's_horns retreat
withdraw retreat
annul revoke
lift revoke
countermand revoke
reverse revoke
repeal revoke
overturn revoke
rescind revoke
vacate revoke
renege_on renege
renegue_on renege
go_back_on renege
invalidate cancel
bracket_out bracket
cross_out cross_off
strike_out cross_off
strike_off cross_off
mark cross_off
disregard dismiss
brush_aside dismiss
brush_off dismiss
discount dismiss
push_aside dismiss
ignore dismiss
throw_out dismiss
flout scoff
laugh_away laugh_off
allow permit
let permit
countenance permit
permit allow
tolerate allow
authorise authorize
pass authorize
clear authorize
accede assent
acquiesce assent
give_in yield
succumb yield
knuckle_under yield
buckle_under yield
differ disagree
dissent disagree
take_issue disagree
hold agree
concur agree
concord agree
yield concede
grant concede
support subscribe
O.K. approve
okay approve
sanction approve
reject disapprove
except demur
take_exception challenge
carp cavil
chicane cavil
question interview
sound_out check_out
feel_out check_out
fudge hedge
evade hedge
put_off hedge
circumvent hedge
parry hedge
elude hedge
skirt hedge
dodge hedge
duck hedge
sidestep hedge
escape miss
get_away get_off
get_by get_off
get_out get_off
escape get_off
short-circuit bypass
go_around bypass
get_around bypass
stay_off keep_off
eschew shun
face_up confront
face confront
deliberate debate
debate consider
moot consider
turn_over consider
deliberate consider
kick_around bandy
chair moderate
lead moderate
discuss hash_out
talk_over hash_out
discourse hold_forth
dissertate hold_forth
rebut refute
reply answer
respond answer
come_back retort
repay retort
return retort
riposte retort
rejoin retort
acknowledge admit
own_up make_a_clean_breast_of
fess_up make_a_clean_breast_of
bastardise bastardize
profess concede
confess concede
take_a_firm_stand insist
stand_firm stand_pat
hold_firm stand_pat
stand_fast stand_pat
squeal confess
fink confess
avouch avow
certify attest
manifest attest
demonstrate attest
evidence attest
notarise notarize
adjudge declare
hold declare
canonise canonize
saint canonize
negate contradict
contravene contradict
censure reprimand
criminate reprimand
blast savage
pillory savage
crucify savage
reprove admonish
castigate chastise
objurgate chastise
chasten chastise
correct chastise
take_to_task call_on_the_carpet
rebuke call_on_the_carpet
rag call_on_the_carpet
trounce call_on_the_carpet
reproof call_on_the_carpet
lecture call_on_the_carpet
reprimand call_on_the_carpet
jaw call_on_the_carpet
dress_down call_on_the_carpet
call_down call_on_the_carpet
scold call_on_the_carpet
chide call_on_the_carpet
berate call_on_the_carpet
bawl_out call_on_the_carpet
remonstrate call_on_the_carpet
chew_out call_on_the_carpet
chew_up call_on_the_carpet
have_words call_on_the_carpet
lambaste call_on_the_carpet
lambast call_on_the_carpet
brush_down tell_off
shoot_one's_mouth_off lip_off
upbraid reproach
criticize knock
criticise knock
pick_apart knock
belabour belabor
advocate preach
prophesy preach
evangelise evangelize
sermonise sermonize
preachify sermonize
moralize sermonize
moralise sermonize
learn teach
instruct teach
talk lecture
apprise instruct
apprize instruct
train coach
mislead misinform
equivocate beat_around_the_bush
tergiversate beat_around_the_bush
prevaricate beat_around_the_bush
palter beat_around_the_bush
distort falsify
garble falsify
warp falsify
symbolize typify
symbolise typify
stand_for typify
represent typify
belie misrepresent
color tinge
colour tinge
distort tinge
colour color
gloss color
impersonate pose
personate pose
sham feign
pretend feign
affect feign
dissemble feign
pretend make
make_believe make
snow bamboozle
hoodwink bamboozle
pull_the_wool_over_someone's_eyes bamboozle
lead_by_the_nose bamboozle
play_false bamboozle
bullshit talk_through_one's_hat
bull talk_through_one's_hat
fake talk_through_one's_hat
exaggerate overstate
overdraw overstate
hyperbolize overstate
hyperbolise overstate
magnify overstate
amplify overstate
trivialise trivialize
overemphasise overemphasize
overstress overemphasize
re-emphasize re-emphasise
minimize understate
minimise understate
downplay understate
rail fulminate
tell_on denounce
betray denounce
give_away denounce
rat denounce
grass denounce
shit denounce
shop denounce
snitch denounce
stag denounce
fault blame
find_fault blame
pick blame
impeach accuse
incriminate accuse
criminate accuse
accuse charge
peck nag
hen-peck nag
clapperclaw abuse
blackguard abuse
shout abuse
belittle disparage
pick_at disparage
tear_apart pan
trash pan
slander defame
smirch defame
asperse defame
denigrate defame
calumniate defame
smear defame
sully defame
besmirch defame
disgrace discredit
revile vilify
vituperate vilify
rail vilify
malign badmouth
traduce badmouth
drag_through_the_mud badmouth
insult diss
affront diss
bridle_at bristle_at
bridle_up bristle_at
bristle_up bristle_at
bemock mock
ape caricature
burlesque spoof
parody spoof
scoff jeer
flout jeer
barrack jeer
gibe jeer
razz tease
rag tease
cod tease
tantalize tease
tantalise tease
bait tease
taunt tease
twit tease
rally tease
ride tease
kid pull_the_leg_of
instigate incite
set_off incite
stir_up incite
goad needle
roast ridicule
guy ridicule
blackguard ridicule
laugh_at ridicule
jest_at ridicule
rib ridicule
make_fun ridicule
poke_fun ridicule
satirise satirize
lampoon satirize
expose debunk
jest joke
quip gag
arse_around horse_around
fool_around horse_around
fool horse_around
betray deceive
lead_astray deceive
dupe gull
slang gull
befool gull
cod gull
fool gull
put_on gull
take_in gull
put_one_over gull
put_one_across gull
chaff kid
jolly kid
josh kid
banter kid
critique review
peer_review referee
depreciate deprecate
vilipend deprecate
puncture deflate
exult exuberate
rejoice exuberate
triumph exuberate
jubilate exuberate
root_on cheer
inspire cheer
urge cheer
barrack cheer
urge_on cheer
exhort cheer
pep_up cheer
cheer_up cheer
chirk_up cheer
cheer_up cheer
jolly_along cheer
jolly_up cheer
humour humor
lighten_up lighten
buoy_up lighten
extol laud
exalt laud
glorify laud
proclaim laud
canonise canonize
hail acclaim
herald acclaim
clap applaud
spat applaud
acclaim applaud
hiss boo
round attack
assail attack
lash_out attack
snipe attack
assault attack
barrage bombard
scald blister
whip blister
reprobate condemn
decry condemn
objurgate condemn
excoriate condemn
belittle minimize
denigrate minimize
derogate minimize
execrate accurse
anathemize accurse
comminate accurse
anathemise accurse
anathematize accurse
anathematise accurse
cuss curse
blaspheme curse
swear curse
imprecate curse
aah ooh
beshrew curse
damn curse
bedamn curse
anathemize curse
anathemise curse
imprecate curse
maledict curse
bless consecrate
hallow consecrate
sanctify consecrate
unhallow desecrate
deconsecrate desecrate
sign bless
oppugn question
call_into_question question
answer_for account
dare defy
dispute challenge
gainsay challenge
contend contest
repugn contest
lodge charge
file charge
discourage warn
admonish warn
monish warn
previse forewarn
admonish caution
monish caution
portend bode
auspicate bode
prognosticate bode
omen bode
presage bode
betoken bode
foreshadow bode
augur bode
foretell bode
prefigure bode
forecast bode
predict bode
alert alarm
advise rede
counsel rede
tip tip_off
notify advise
give_notice advise
send_word advise
apprise advise
apprize advise
familiarise familiarize
acquaint familiarize
urge recommend
advocate recommend
suggest propose
advise propose
throw_out advance
misguide misadvise
confabulate confer
confab confer
consult confer
refer consult
look_up consult
confer_with consult
remind prompt
cue prompt
state submit
put_forward submit
posit submit
bow submit
defer submit
accede submit
give_in submit
subject submit
make_a_motion move
put_up nominate
put_forward nominate
declare_oneself propose
offer propose
pop_the_question propose
blandish flatter
eulogise eulogize
toady fawn
truckle fawn
bootlick fawn
kowtow fawn
kotow fawn
suck_up fawn
curry_favour curry_favor
court_favor curry_favor
court_favour curry_favor
brown-nose butter_up
congratulate compliment
felicitate congratulate
gush rave
remember commend
recommend commend
tout boast
swash boast
shoot_a_line boast
brag boast
gas boast
blow boast
bluster boast
vaunt boast
gasconade boast
triumph gloat
crow gloat
congratulate preen
assure promise
plight pledge
bind oblige
hold oblige
obligate oblige
indent indenture
accommodate oblige
engage betroth
affiance betroth
plight betroth
consecrate vow
dedicate give
consecrate give
commit give
devote give
undertake contract
guarantee undertake
subvention underwrite
subvent underwrite
vouch guarantee
ensure guarantee
insure guarantee
assure guarantee
secure guarantee
insure cover
underwrite cover
warrant guarantee
give_thanks thank
recognize acknowledge
recognise acknowledge
receipt acknowledge
apologise apologize
condone excuse
explain excuse
relieve excuse
let_off excuse
exempt excuse
beg_off excuse
take_the_Fifth_Amendment take_the_fifth
apologise apologize
excuse apologize
justify apologize
rationalize apologize
rationalise apologize
support defend
fend_for defend
stick_up stand_up
vindicate justify
maintain uphold
warrant justify
recognize greet
recognise greet
turn_to address
bow_down bow
conge congee
bob curtsy
present salute
herald hail
receive welcome
usher_out dismiss
present introduce
acquaint introduce
re-introduce reintroduce
preface precede
premise precede
introduce precede
prologuize prologize
prologise prologize
justify absolve
free absolve
bid wish
absolve shrive
assoil acquit
clear acquit
discharge acquit
exonerate acquit
exculpate acquit
pardon excuse
palliate extenuate
mitigate extenuate
condemn sentence
doom sentence
kick complain
plain complain
sound_off complain
quetch complain
kvetch complain
bitch backbite
grizzle whine
yammer whine
yawp whine
discourage deter
nurture foster
patronise patronize
patronage patronize
support patronize
keep_going patronize
patronise patronize
condescend patronize
mutter murmur
grumble murmur
croak murmur
gnarl murmur
grumble grouch
scold grouch
inveigh declaim
make_a_stink raise_hell
raise_a_stink raise_hell
bitch gripe
grouse gripe
crab gripe
beef gripe
squawk gripe
bellyache gripe
holler gripe
inveigh rail
lament deplore
bewail deplore
bemoan deplore
cry exclaim
cry_out exclaim
outcry exclaim
call_out exclaim
shout exclaim
scream yell
shout_out shout
cry shout
call shout
yell shout
scream shout
holler shout
hollo shout
squall shout
shrill shriek
pipe_up shriek
pipe shriek
caterwaul yowl
come_in interject
interpose interject
put_in interject
throw_in interject
inject interject
clamour clamor
shout_out vociferate
holler_out holler
roar thunder
snarl snap
rhapsodise rhapsodize
venture guess
pretend guess
hazard guess
say suppose
outguess second-guess
foretell predict
prognosticate predict
call predict
forebode predict
anticipate predict
promise predict
wager bet
find determine
find_out determine
ascertain determine
check determine
find_out determine
see determine
ascertain determine
watch determine
learn determine
surmise suspect
betoken bespeak
indicate bespeak
point bespeak
signal bespeak
signalise signalize
distinguish signalize
singularise singularize
register read
show read
record read
point indicate
designate indicate
show indicate
signalise signalize
point_out signalize
call_attention signalize
question wonder
marvel wonder
formulate explicate
develop explicate
reformulate redevelop
calculate forecast
vaticinate prophesy
irradiate enlighten
suggest hint
adumbrate intimate
insinuate intimate
suggest indicate
connote imply
evoke suggest
paint_a_picture suggest
intimate suggest
predicate connote
refer denote
intend mean
signify mean
stand_for mean
import spell
twist_around twist
pervert twist
convolute twist
sophisticate twist
euphemise euphemize
moderate tone_down
tame tone_down
disclose unwrap
let_on unwrap
bring_out unwrap
reveal unwrap
discover unwrap
expose unwrap
divulge unwrap
break unwrap
give_away unwrap
let_out unwrap
come_out out
out come_out_of_the_closet
come_out come_out_of_the_closet
uncloak unmask
get_out break
get_around break
leak_out leak
bewray betray
relieve unbosom
let_the_cat_out_of_the_bag spill_the_beans
talk spill_the_beans
tattle spill_the_beans
blab spill_the_beans
peach spill_the_beans
babble spill_the_beans
sing spill_the_beans
babble_out spill_the_beans
blab_out spill_the_beans
shut_one's_mouth keep_quiet
keep_one's_mouth_shut keep_quiet
spell_out spell
interpret rede
moralise moralize
re-explain reinterpret
explicate explain
clear_up clarify
elucidate clarify
verbalize express
verbalise express
utter express
give_tongue_to express
miaow miaou
speak talk
utter talk
mouth talk
verbalize talk
verbalise talk
verbalise verbalize
talk_about talk_of
blubber_out blubber
show express
evince express
ventilate vent
give_vent vent
drone_on drone
infer deduce
rattle_off rattle_down
reel_off rattle_down
spiel_off rattle_down
roll_off rattle_down
name list
recite enumerate
itemize enumerate
itemise enumerate
itemise itemize
list number
set specify
determine specify
define specify
fix specify
limit specify
number count
enumerate count
numerate count
paginate foliate
page foliate
tot total
tot_up total
sum total
sum_up total
summate total
tote_up total
add total
add_together total
tally total
add_up total
chalk_up tally
remand remit
send_back remit
pick_up_the_gauntlet take_a_dare
count consider
weigh consider
palatalise palatalize
nasalise nasalize
nasalise nasalize
misspeak mispronounce
tut tsk
tut-tut tsk
sound voice
vocalize voice
vocalise voice
talk spill
narrate tell
recount tell
recite tell
rhapsodise rhapsodize
evidence tell
publicise publicize
air publicize
bare publicize
intend mean
lucubrate elaborate
expatiate elaborate
exposit elaborate
enlarge elaborate
flesh_out elaborate
expand elaborate
expound elaborate
dilate elaborate
pad embroider
lard embroider
embellish embroider
aggrandize embroider
aggrandise embroider
blow_up embroider
dramatize embroider
dramatise embroider
characterize qualify
characterise qualify
echo repeat
reiterate repeat
ingeminate repeat
iterate repeat
restate repeat
retell repeat
reproduce regurgitate
dwell harp
return hark_back
come_back hark_back
recall hark_back
go_back recur
interpret translate
render translate
synchronise synchronize
comment gloss
annotate gloss
rephrase paraphrase
reword paraphrase
lexicalise lexicalize
speak talk
dogmatise dogmatize
talk speak
monologuise monologuize
soliloquize monologuize
soliloquise monologuize
discourse converse
initiate broach
describe report
account report
declare announce
sign_in check_in
punch_in clock_in
clock_on clock_in
punch_out clock_out
clock_off clock_out
cover report
bring_out publish
put_out publish
issue publish
release publish
circularize circulate
circularise circulate
distribute circulate
disseminate circulate
propagate circulate
broadcast circulate
spread circulate
diffuse circulate
disperse circulate
pass_around circulate
televise telecast
spread go_around
circulate go_around
popularise popularize
vulgarize popularize
vulgarise popularize
generalize popularize
generalise popularize
propagandise propagandize
propagandise propagandize
miscall misname
label pronounce
judge pronounce
find rule
send air
broadcast air
beam air
transmit air
rebroadcast rerun
annunciate announce
harbinger announce
foretell announce
herald announce
denote announce
blazon_out cry
trump_out trump
blat_out blare_out
publicize advertise
advertize advertise
publicise advertise
advertize advertise
promote advertise
push advertise
exclaim proclaim
promulgate proclaim
enunciate articulate
vocalize articulate
vocalise articulate
articulate pronounce
enounce pronounce
sound_out pronounce
enunciate pronounce
say pronounce
subvocalise subvocalize
syllabise syllabize
labialize round
labialise round
formulate give_voice
word give_voice
phrase give_voice
articulate give_voice
dogmatise dogmatize
formularise formularize
redact frame
cast frame
put frame
couch frame
stutter bumble
stammer bumble
falter bumble
blurt blurt_out
blunder_out blurt_out
blunder blurt_out
ejaculate blurt_out
inflect tone
modulate tone
accent stress
accentuate stress
vocalise vocalize
vowelize vocalize
vowelise vocalize
emit utter
let_out utter
let_loose utter
splutter sputter
depict describe
draw describe
symbolise symbolize
actualise actualize
dramatise dramatize
overdramatise overdramatize
speak address
present deliver
accost address
come_up_to address
direct address
misaddress misdirect
edify enlighten
bill placard
gesture gesticulate
motion gesticulate
telepathise telepathize
apostrophise apostrophize
encipher code
cipher code
cypher code
encrypt code
inscribe code
write_in_code code
decrypt decode
decipher decode
transcribe transliterate
Romanise romanize
Latinize romanize
Latinise romanize
subscribe sign
inscribe autograph
indorse endorse
co-sign cosign
tape record
demagnetise demagnetize
save write
delete erase
enter record
put_down record
expound set_forth
exposit set_forth
file_away file
register file
clock_up log_up
shoot film
take film
tape videotape
snap photograph
shoot photograph
mark score
underscore underline
typewrite type
jot jot_down
scrabble scribble
outline sketch
adumbrate sketch
drop_a_line write
telegraph cable
wire cable
telefax fax
facsimile fax
summarize sum_up
summarise sum_up
resume sum_up
recap recapitulate
rehash retrograde
hash_over retrograde
say state
tell state
verify affirm
assert affirm
avow affirm
aver affirm
swan affirm
swear affirm
reassert confirm
corroborate validate
depose swear
depone swear
point_out remonstrate
emphasize stress
emphasise stress
punctuate stress
accent stress
accentuate stress
ram_home drive_home
press_home drive_home
underline underscore
emphasize underscore
emphasise underscore
attest testify
take_the_stand testify
bear_witness testify
bear_witness testify
prove testify
evidence testify
show testify
abduce adduce
cite adduce
aver allege
say allege
asseverate assert
maintain assert
proclaim predicate
defend maintain
exact demand
qualify stipulate
condition stipulate
specify stipulate
tell assure
observe note
mention note
remark note
set_down write_down
get_down write_down
put_down write_down
dash_off dash_down
fill_out complete
fill_in complete
make_out complete
take_down note
illustrate exemplify
instance exemplify
resolve conclude
fix_up arrange
particularize specify
particularise specify
specialize specify
specialise specify
overgeneralise overgeneralize
generalise generalize
extrapolate generalize
infer generalize
universalise universalize
generalise generalize
cite mention
cite quote
cite quote
advert mention
bring_up mention
cite mention
name mention
refer mention
appeal invoke
bring_up raise
bring_forward call_up
stick_in slip_in
sneak_in slip_in
insert slip_in
dredge_up drag_up
identify name
touch allude
advert allude
get drive
aim drive
append add
supply add
speak_up opine
speak_out opine
animadvert opine
sound_off opine
editorialise editorialize
baptise baptize
christen baptize
title style
nickname dub
call name
go_under go_by
title entitle
denominate designate
unchurch excommunicate
curse excommunicate
brand post
post mail
send mail
email e-mail
netmail e-mail
disc-jockey disk-jockey
DJ disk-jockey
treat cover
handle cover
plow cover
deal cover
address cover
theologise theologize
talk_about discourse
discuss discourse
bully browbeat
swagger browbeat
expose queer
scupper queer
endanger queer
peril queer
piffle chatter
palaver chatter
prate chatter
tittle-tattle chatter
twaddle chatter
clack chatter
maunder chatter
prattle chatter
blab chatter
gibber chatter
tattle chatter
blabber chatter
gabble chatter
jaw yack
yack_away yack
rattle_on yack
yap_away yack
blather babble
smatter babble
blether babble
blither babble
flirt chat_up
dally chat_up
butterfly chat_up
coquet chat_up
coquette chat_up
romance chat_up
philander chat_up
mash chat_up
shoot_the_breeze chew_the_fat
chat chew_the_fat
confabulate chew_the_fat
confab chew_the_fat
chitchat chew_the_fat
chit-chat chew_the_fat
chatter chew_the_fat
chaffer chew_the_fat
natter chew_the_fat
gossip chew_the_fat
jaw chew_the_fat
claver chew_the_fat
visit chew_the_fat
shmoose shmooze
schmooze shmooze
schmoose shmooze
jawbone shmooze
signal sign
signalize sign
signalise sign
lip-sync lip-synch
clam_up close_up
dummy_up close_up
shut_up close_up
belt_up close_up
button_up close_up
be_quiet close_up
keep_mum close_up
wave beckon
gossip dish_the_dirt
rumour rumor
bruit rumor
whine snivel
sing whistle
mutter mumble
maunder mumble
mussitate mumble
spit_out spit
moan groan
growl grumble
rumble grumble
howl roar
bawl yawp
purl sough
ululate howl
wail howl
roar howl
yawl howl
yaup howl
waul squall
wawl squall
wrawl howl
yammer howl
yowl howl
quest bay
yip yelp
yap yelp
blate bleat
blat bleat
baa bleat
bellow bawl
roar bellow
screak squawk
skreak squawk
skreigh squawk
screech squawk
intone chant
intonate chant
cantillate chant
intone intonate
warble yodel
descant yodel
trill warble
quaver warble
waver quaver
recite declaim
mouth_off rant
jabber rant
spout rant
rabbit_on rant
rave rant
cheep peep
chirp peep
chirrup peep
whirr churr
mew meow
make_vibrant_sounds purr
cronk honk
claxon honk
twitter chitter
siss hiss
sizz hiss
sibilate hiss
sizz hiss
siss hiss
sibilate hiss
bray hee-haw
oink squeal
click cluck
clack cluck
low moo
block jam
soften mince
moderate mince
scranch crunch
scraunch crunch
crackle crunch
notice comment
remark comment
point_out comment
kibbitz kibitz
acknowledge notice
disregard ignore
snub ignore
cut ignore
nicker neigh
whicker neigh
whinny neigh
throw give
pay give
render give
convey carry
express carry
state express
deliver render
return render
mark set
get_off send
send_off send
come_over come_across
call_for invite
hammer_out thrash_out
cronk croak
issue write_out
make_out write_out
cut write_out
bring_out introduce
puff_up puff
maintain keep
face confront
present confront
chant tone
intone tone
throw hurl
deny traverse
etymologise etymologize
pluralise pluralize
vie compete
contend compete
submit put_in
go_for try_for
go move
bluff_out bluff
cast draw
ruff trump
face confront
breast front
encounter meet
play meet
take_on meet
oppose pit
match pit
play_off pit
participate enter
give_up drop_out
fall_by_the_wayside drop_out
drop_by_the_wayside drop_out
throw_in drop_out
throw_in_the_towel drop_out
quit drop_out
chuck_up_the_sponge drop_out
destroy demolish
bully_off face_off
umpire referee
hinder handicap
hamper handicap
run race
build_up arm
fortify arm
gird arm
re-arm rearm
demilitarize disarm
demilitarise disarm
unarm disarm
demobilise demobilize
demob demobilize
mobilise mobilize
post station
send station
place station
team_up team
gang_up gang
aggroup group
fight contend
struggle contend
oppose fight
fight_back fight
fight_down fight
defend fight
get_back settle
combat battle
take_arms go_to_war
take_up_arms go_to_war
take_the_field campaign
run campaign
criticise criticize
function officiate
caddy caddie
draft enlist
muster_in enlist
muster_out discharge
mobilize call_up
mobilise call_up
rally call_up
inactivate demobilize
demobilise demobilize
levy recruit
raise recruit
militarise militarize
remilitarise remilitarize
demilitarise demilitarize
outscore outpoint
triumph prevail
beat_out beat
crush beat
shell beat
trounce beat
vanquish beat
pip worst
mop_up worst
whip worst
rack_up worst
skunk lurch
crush break_down
have_the_best get_the_best
overcome get_the_best
spreadeagle spread-eagle
rout spread-eagle
cut_out cut_down
chouse cheat
shaft cheat
screw cheat
chicane cheat
jockey cheat
overreach outwit
outsmart outwit
outfox outwit
beat outwit
circumvent outwit
outcry outshout
outstrip surpass
outmatch surpass
outgo surpass
exceed surpass
outdo surpass
surmount surpass
outperform surpass
break better
overcome get_the_better_of
defeat get_the_better_of
get_over overcome
subdue overcome
surmount overcome
master overcome
rout_out rout
expel rout
outflank outdo
trump outdo
best outdo
scoop outdo
maneuver manoeuver
manoeuvre manoeuver
operate manoeuver
outmanoeuvre outmaneuver
outsmart outmaneuver
overmaster overpower
overwhelm overpower
steamroll steamroller
advance gain
win gain
pull_ahead gain
make_headway gain
get_ahead gain
gain_ground gain
get_back win_back
hit score
tally score
rack_up score
lose fall_back
drop_off fall_back
fall_behind fall_back
recede fall_back
keep_pace keep_step
mate checkmate
set sic
draw tie
equalise equalize
get_even equalize
give_up surrender
stand resist
fend resist
hold_out resist
withstand resist
stand_firm resist
nail complete
neutralise neutralize
aggress attack
assail attack
assault assail
set_on assail
attack assail
pelt pepper
immobilise immobilize
bear_down charge
outvie outrival
chickenfight chicken-fight
hit strike
square feather
square feather
counterstrike counterattack
remain_down take_the_count
surprise storm
occupy invade
set_upon beset
seal_off blockade
block_off blockade
barricado barricade
beleaguer besiege
surround besiege
hem_in besiege
circumvent besiege
immunise immunize
ward guard
guard defend
hold defend
screen shield
palisade wall
fence wall
fence_in wall
surround wall
repulse repel
fight_off repel
rebuff repel
drive_back repel
turn_back check
arrest check
stop check
contain check
hold_back check
bomb bombard
nuke atom-bomb
atomize nuke
atomise nuke
zap nuke
discharge fire
discharge fire
go_off fire
let_fly loose_off
let_drive loose_off
shoot blast
blaze blaze_away
snipe sharpshoot
fire open_fire
shell blast
hit shoot
pip shoot
scupper ambush
bushwhack ambush
waylay ambush
lurk ambush
ambuscade ambush
lie_in_wait ambush
back bet_on
gage bet_on
stake bet_on
game bet_on
punt bet_on
double_up parlay
birdwatch bird
scollop scallop
flyfish fly-fish
ambush still-hunt
run hunt
hunt_down hunt
track_down hunt
jack jacklight
reach strive
strain strive
overexert_oneself kill_oneself
block parry
deflect parry
rule_in rule_out
root_for pull
defend champion
weightlift weight-lift
press weight-lift
aim target
place target
direct target
point target
take aim
train aim
take_aim aim
direct aim
level charge
point charge
home_in range_in
zero_in range_in
strike_back retaliate
avenge revenge
retaliate revenge
get_back get_even
pay_off pay_back
get pay_back
fix pay_back
strike_out retire
catch overtake
catch_up_with overtake
wager bet
play bet
ingest consume
take_in consume
take consume
have consume
eat_up consume
use_up consume
eat consume
deplete consume
exhaust consume
run_through consume
wipe_out consume
squander consume
waste consume
ware consume
expend use
utilize use
utilise use
apply use
employ use
assign put
misuse misapply
overdrive overuse
run_through work_through
go_through work_through
cannibalise cannibalize
cannibalise cannibalize
reprocess recycle
reuse recycle
work exploit
surface_mine strip_mine
surface-mine strip_mine
tap exploit
habituate use
hook addict
extend strain
overextend overstrain
exercise exert
task tax
take_away take_out
dine_in eat_in
dine_out eat_out
gluttonise gluttonize
fress gluttonize
wolf_down wolf
swill_down swill
imbibe drink
gurgle guggle
lap_up lap
lick lap
booze drink
fuddle drink
bar_hop pub-crawl
bib tipple
tope drink
touch partake
dig_in pitch_in
tuck_away tuck_in
put_away tuck_in
snack nosh
peck_at pick_at
peck pick_at
pick_up peck
bolt gobble
gobble_up garbage_down
shovel_in garbage_down
bolt_down garbage_down
pick nibble
piece nibble
graze browse
champ chomp
gum mumble
drink toast
pledge toast
salute toast
wassail toast
drink_up drain_the_cup
treat regale
sleep_in live_in
sleep_out live_out
swill slop
give feed
malnourish undernourish
eat feed
serve_up serve
dish_out serve
dish_up serve
dish serve
pimp pander
procure pander
help serve
feast feed
pander gratify
indulge gratify
supply provide
ply provide
cater provide
satisfy meet
fill meet
fulfill meet
fulfil meet
keep sustain
maintain sustain
banquet feast
junket feast
banquet feast
junket feast
suckle breastfeed
suck breastfeed
nurse breastfeed
wet-nurse breastfeed
lactate breastfeed
give_suck breastfeed
ablactate wean
famish starve
famish starve
hunger starve
famish starve
hunger crave
thirst crave
starve crave
lust crave
need want
require want
avoid keep_off
soak souse
inebriate souse
hit_it_up souse
soak intoxicate
inebriate intoxicate
fuddle befuddle
enjoy delight
revel delight
have_a_good_time have_a_ball
luxuriate indulge
sow_one's_wild_oats sow_one's_oats
dip dunk
run_short run_low
go run_low
ingurgitate gorge
overindulge gorge
glut gorge
englut gorge
stuff gorge
engorge gorge
overgorge gorge
overeat gorge
gormandize gorge
gormandise gorge
gourmandize gorge
binge gorge
pig_out gorge
satiate gorge
scarf_out gorge
help avail
sate satiate
replete satiate
fill satiate
pall cloy
stay quell
appease quell
fat fatten
flesh_out fatten
fill_out fatten
plump fatten
plump_out fatten
fatten_out fatten
fatten_up fatten
try sample
try_out sample
taste sample
frivol_away fritter
dissipate fritter
shoot fritter
fritter_away fritter
fool fritter
fool_away fritter
refrain abstain
desist abstain
give_up kick
guttle devour
raven devour
pig devour
finish eat_up
polish_off eat_up
down devour
consume devour
go_through devour
metabolise metabolize
sop_up take_in
suck_in take_in
take_up take_in
whiff puff
drag puff
draw puff
snort take_a_hit
fire_up light_up
light light_up
base free-base
snort huff
do_drugs drug
trip_out trip
turn_on trip
get_off trip
masticate chew
manducate chew
jaw chew
munch crunch
get_down swallow
quaff gulp
swig gulp
pop toss_off
bolt_down toss_off
belt_down toss_off
pour_down toss_off
down toss_off
drink_down toss_off
kill toss_off
nurture nourish
sustain nourish
feed_upon feed_on
prey raven
predate raven
feed prey
fill fill_up
slake quench
allay quench
assuage quench
aliment nutrify
nourish nutrify
wanton luxuriate
burn burn_off
burn_up burn_off
hold carry
adjoin touch
meet touch
contact touch
pin trap
immobilize trap
immobilise trap
disturb touch
spread_over cover
grass_over grass
strike hit
hit strike
finger feel
thumb finger
feel palpate
palm handle
run guide
draw guide
pass guide
prehend seize
clutch seize
get_hold_of take
get_out bring_out
gather_in take_in
break_up calve
nail collar
apprehend collar
arrest collar
pick_up collar
nab collar
cop collar
catch get
capture get
hold_on grasp
hang cling
take_hold hold
support hold
sustain hold
hold_up hold
plicate pleat
buoy_up buoy
prop prop_up
shore_up prop_up
shore prop_up
jack_up jack
steady brace
stabilize brace
stabilise brace
hold_close cling_to
hold_tight cling_to
clutch cling_to
stopple stopper
cleave cling
adhere cling
stick cling
cohere cling
hemagglutinate haemagglutinate
flip_over flip
turn_over flip
twine twist
distort twist
wave curl
crape crimp
frizzle crimp
frizz crimp
kink_up crimp
kink crimp
fiddle_with twiddle
handle wield
manage wield
control operate
fondle caress
dig_into probe
poke_into probe
permeate interpenetrate
perforate penetrate
creep_in sneak_in
pervade permeate
penetrate permeate
interpenetrate permeate
diffuse permeate
imbue permeate
riddle permeate
spiritise spiritize
prod jab
stab jab
poke jab
dig jab
jab stab
incite prod
egg_on prod
poke_at nudge
prod nudge
stab knife
mangle maul
rub_down massage
knead massage
pat dab
swab dab
swob dab
smear daub
work knead
bunt butt
strike hit
impinge_on hit
run_into hit
collide_with hit
bang spang
strike_hard knock
knock bump
knock_down down
cut_down down
push_down down
pull_down down
bump_into run_into
jar_against run_into
butt_against run_into
knock_against run_into
crease graze
rake graze
prick goad
click snap
flick snap
bang slam
tear_into lam_into
lace_into lam_into
pitch_into lam_into
lay_into lam_into
flap_down slam
bang slam
draw pull_back
pick peck
beak peck
pat chuck
swob swab
drag dredge
vacuum-clean vacuum
hoover vacuum
sanitise sanitize
hygienize sanitize
hygienise sanitize
steam_clean steam
Simonise simonize
smooth polish
smoothen polish
shine polish
sleek slick
burnish buff
furbish buff
blunt dull
skim skim_over
squeak_through squeak_by
tip tap
trim shave
filet fillet
shave plane
strain puree
sponge_off sponge_down
fray rub
fret rub
chafe rub
scratch rub
scour scrub
abrade scour
besmear bedaub
blur smear
smudge smear
smutch smear
besmirch smirch
muddy_up muddy
smoothen smooth
excoriate chafe
corrade abrade
abrase abrade
rub_down abrade
rub_off abrade
wear_off wear_away
slice_up slice
cut_off amputate
eviscerate resect
cut_up carve
upset swage
chip_at carve
dice cube
hack chop
ax axe
chop_up chop
drop fell
strike_down fell
cut_down fell
poleaxe poleax
lumber log
chip nick
snick nick
knap chip
cut_off chip
break_off chip
chip_off chip
come_off chip
break_away chip
break_off chip
peel peel_off
flake_off peel_off
flake peel_off
hew_out hew
roughcast rough-hew
skim_off skim
cream_off skim
cream skim
incrust encrust
cake coat
trim pare
peel skin
pare skin
skin bark
descale scale
surface coat
patinize patinate
patinise patinate
bonderise bonderize
galvanise galvanize
cobblestone cobble
paper wallpaper
seal varnish
rinse wash
shellack shellac
handstamp rubberstamp
frank postmark
nock score
mark score
rut furrow
groove furrow
chamfer furrow
chase furrow
wrinkle furrow
crease furrow
fold_up fold
turn_up fold
ruckle wrinkle
crease wrinkle
crinkle wrinkle
scrunch wrinkle
scrunch_up wrinkle
crisp wrinkle
rumple pucker
cockle pucker
crumple pucker
knit pucker
ruck pucker
ruck_up pucker
crumple buckle
wrinkle purse
dent indent
bend flex
deform flex
twist flex
turn flex
bend flex
convolute convolve
force_out gouge
gouge rout
scollop scallop
draw_in suck_in
root rout
rootle rout
hollow_out hollow
core_out hollow
cavern_out cavern
undermine cave
wrap_up wrap
undo unwrap
unbrace untie
unlace untie
muzzle gag
undo untie
loosen untie
unloosen unloose
bind tie
bind_off tie_up
tie_up tie_down
bind tie_down
truss tie_down
fagot faggot
faggot_up faggot
fagot faggot
shackle fetter
cuff manacle
handcuff manacle
leash rope
hobble hopple
conjoin join
close close_up
inosculate anastomose
inosculate anastomose
mate match
couple match
pair match
twin match
mortise mortice
mortice mortise
disjoint disjoin
disjoint disjoin
disarticulate disjoint
bring_together join
band ring
couple_on couple
couple_up couple
decouple uncouple
break_off break
snap_off break
chop_off cut_off
lop_off cut_off
come_off detach
come_away detach
swathe swaddle
shackle pinion
encumber restrain
cumber restrain
constrain restrain
confine restrain
hold restrain
pound impound
pound_up pound
encircle gird
girth cinch
bandage bind
cast_anchor anchor
drop_anchor anchor
ground anchor
berth moor
wharf moor
berth moor
tie_up moor
drydock dry-dock
batten_down batten
secure batten
level flush
even_out flush
even flush
strike strickle
grate scrape
put_back replace
scrape scratch
scratch_up scratch
scrape skin
delve dig
cut_into dig
turn_over dig
dig excavate
hollow excavate
dig_out dig
ditch trench
scoop_out scoop
lift_out scoop
scoop_up scoop
take_up scoop
dig_up excavate
turn_up excavate
grub_out grub_up
scrabble grope_for
fumble grope
surf browse
seek search
look_for search
go_after quest_for
quest_after quest_for
pursue quest_for
go rifle
ransack comb
angle fish
cut_down mow
harvest reap
glean reap
pollard poll
clip snip
crop snip
trim snip
lop snip
dress snip
prune snip
cut_back snip
pinch top
engrave scratch
grave scratch
inscribe scratch
etch engrave
gash slash
cut_down slash
slaughter butcher
lapidate stone
vaporize zap
put_down destroy
sabre saber
overlay overlie
put_to_sleep put_away
neutralise neutralize
liquidate neutralize
waste neutralize
knock_off neutralize
do_in neutralize
kill_off exterminate
catch hitch
tag_on append
tack_on append
tack append
hang_on append
add_on append
supplement append
affix append
run_up sew
sew_together sew
stitch sew
pucker gather
tuck gather
tack baste
retick tick
sellotape scotch_tape
paste glue
white_out whiteout
plank_over plank
cover overlay
aluminise aluminize
drown submerge
overwhelm submerge
expose uncover
pin_up pin_down
peg_down peg
fix fasten
secure fasten
shut close
fold pen_up
open_up open
open_up open
shut close
coop_in coop_up
lock_away lock_in
lock lock_in
put_away lock_in
shut_up lock_in
shut_away lock_in
lock_up lock_in
seal_in lock_in
wrench wring
squeeze_out wring_out
twist wrench
deform contort
distort contort
wring contort
pull_out extract
pull extract
pull_up extract
take_out extract
draw_out extract
express press_out
extract press_out
winkle_out winkle
drive_in screw
zipper zip_up
zip zip_up
seal_off seal
calk caulk
link connect
tie connect
link_up connect
interlink interconnect
card tease
stick_on affix
hold_fast adhere
bond adhere
bind adhere
stick adhere
stick_to adhere
block_out mask
thread string
draw string
spread_out string_out
daub plaster
plaster_over plaster
stick_on plaster
apply put_on
clap_on slap_on
slam_on slap_on
ground prime
undercoat prime
nett net
straighten_out straighten
channelise channelize
frazzle fray
wear break
wear_out break
bust break
fall_apart break
bust break
dropkick drop-kick
recoil kick_back
kick kick_back
drop-kick dropkick
pole punt
atomise atomize
splatter spatter
plash spatter
splash spatter
splosh spatter
swash spatter
slush slosh
slosh_around slosh
slush_around slosh
splash sprinkle
splosh sprinkle
force_out squirt
squeeze_out squirt
eject squirt
moisten drizzle
sprinkle scatter
dot scatter
dust scatter
disperse scatter
aerosolise aerosolize
aerosolise aerosolize
straw strew
distribute spread
propagate spread
garner gather
collect gather
pull_together gather
scavenge salvage
rally muster
summon muster
come_up muster
muster_up muster
pluck pick
cull pick
bird-nest birdnest
pull pluck
tear pluck
deplume pluck
deplumate pluck
displume pluck
pull_in collect
file_away archive
scrape_up scrape
scratch scrape
come_up scrape
combine aggregate
unitise unitize
drum_up beat_up
rally beat_up
chunk lump
sand sandpaper
pleat ruffle
ruffle_up ruffle
rumple ruffle
mess_up ruffle
constrict compress
squeeze compress
compact compress
contract compress
press compress
overbear bear_down
compact compress
pack_together compress
uncompress decompress
insert tuck
wall_up wall_in
brick_up brick_in
brick_over brick_in
bower embower
iron_out iron
press iron
roll roll_out
fluff ruffle
plump_up fluff_up
shake_up fluff_up
plume preen
pass_over wipe
wipe_away wipe_off
mop_up wipe_up
mop wipe_up
broom sweep
grind grate
chromium-plate chrome
gold-plate goldplate
gold_plate goldplate
silver-plate silverplate
bop sock
whop sock
whap sock
bonk sock
bash sock
beat_up beat
work_over beat
lash whip
belabor belabour
scourge flagellate
catch get
nail smash
boom smash
blast smash
hole_out hole
drag_a_bunt bunt
carry dribble
stun sandbag
welt flog
whip flog
lather flog
lash flog
slash flog
strap flog
trounce flog
flog cane
lambaste cane
lambast cane
coldcock deck
dump deck
knock_down deck
floor deck
bat cream
clobber cream
drub cream
thrash cream
lick cream
knock_out knock_cold
kayo knock_cold
knap rap
pound thump
poke thump
thwack smack
plug punch
slog slug
swig slug
wham whack
whop whack
wallop whack
pommel pummel
biff pummel
thresh thrash
lam thrash
flail thrash
thresh thrash
sledge sledgehammer
whomp cuff
baste clobber
batter clobber
buff buffet
knock_about buffet
batter buffet
whip whisk
scramble beat
ruffle shuffle
mix shuffle
vex agitate
disturb agitate
commove agitate
shake_up agitate
stir_up agitate
raise_up agitate
rile roil
puddle muddle
paddle spank
larrup spank
plug_into plug_in
connect plug_in
disconnect unplug
infix insert
enter insert
introduce insert
cannulize cannulate
cannulise cannulate
intubate cannulate
canulate cannulate
instil instill
stop_up plug
secure plug
fill_up close
cork_up cork
bludgeon club
fustigate cudgel
nose nuzzle
hug embrace
bosom embrace
squeeze embrace
snuggle cuddle
nestle cuddle
nest cuddle
nuzzle cuddle
draw_close cuddle
snuggle nestle
spoon smooch
make_out neck
roll_in_the_hay sleep_together
love sleep_together
make_out sleep_together
make_love sleep_together
sleep_with sleep_together
get_laid sleep_together
have_sex sleep_together
know sleep_together
do_it sleep_together
be_intimate sleep_together
have_intercourse sleep_together
have_it_away sleep_together
have_it_off sleep_together
screw sleep_together
fuck sleep_together
jazz sleep_together
eff sleep_together
hump sleep_together
lie_with sleep_together
bed sleep_together
have_a_go_at_it sleep_together
bang sleep_together
get_it_on sleep_together
bonk sleep_together
have take
service serve
ruin deflower
score seduce
make seduce
mate copulate
pair copulate
couple copulate
mount ride
mongrelise mongrelize
cross crossbreed
hybridize crossbreed
hybridise crossbreed
interbreed crossbreed
cover breed
wank masturbate
fuck_off masturbate
she-bop masturbate
jack_off masturbate
jerk_off masturbate
kiss snog
buss snog
osculate snog
peck smack
lap lick
get bring
convey bring
fetch bring
bear_off take_away
bear_away take_away
carry_away take_away
carry_off take_away
spirit_off spirit_away
whisk_away whisk_off
whisk_off whisk
transfer transmit
transport transmit
channel transmit
channelize transmit
channelise transmit
release turn
send_out send
get_off mail
process serve
swear_out serve
grab catch
take_hold_of catch
retake recapture
snatch_up snatch
snap snatch
swoop_up swoop
reach_out reach
stop intercept
cut_out cut_off
prick prickle
thrust pierce
break_up pick
perforate punch
drill bore
impale transfix
empale transfix
spike transfix
spit skewer
tusk horn
bite sting
prick sting
bite_off snap_at
seize_with_teeth bite
flourish brandish
wave brandish
push press
draw pull
force pull
yield give
carry transport
cart_away cart_off
haul_off cart_off
haul_away cart_off
lift airlift
plunk pluck
pick pluck
schlep shlep
pull_along shlep
train trail
tote lug
tug lug
hale haul
cart haul
drag haul
bouse bowse
lift hoist
wind hoist
trice_up trice
trice_up trice
run_up hoist
heave_up heave
heft heave
heft_up heave
weigh_the_anchor weigh_anchor
nip_off nip
clip nip
snip nip
snip_off nip
squeeze pinch
twinge pinch
tweet pinch
nip pinch
twitch pinch
pinch crimp
sink_in percolate
permeate percolate
filter percolate
filtrate filter
strain filter
separate_out filter
filter_out filter
sieve sift
strain sift
sift sieve
screen riddle
fan winnow
combine compound
sulphurette sulfurette
mingle mix
commix mix
unify mix
amalgamate mix
intermix blend
immingle blend
intermingle blend
tangle entangle
mat entangle
snarl entangle
mesh enmesh
ensnarl enmesh
unsnarl disentangle
straighten_out disentangle
tease_apart tease
loosen tease
set_up arrange
geminate pair
geminate pair
catenulate catenate
decorate dress
adjoin border
edge border
abut border
march border
butt border
butt_against border
butt_on border
environ surround
ring surround
skirt surround
border surround
gird girdle
force_out evict
chuck_out eject
exclude eject
turf_out eject
boot_out eject
turn_out eject
superpose superimpose
lay_over superimpose
ask_in invite
take_in receive
invite receive
nobble kidnap
abduct kidnap
snatch kidnap
impress shanghai
hijack commandeer
highjack commandeer
pirate commandeer
jumble scramble
throw_together scramble
potter putter
potter_around putter
putter_around putter
mess_around putter
potter putter
tinker putter
monkey putter
monkey_around putter
muck_about putter
muck_around putter
tussle muss
dishevel tousle
tangle tousle
array range
lay_out range
set_out range
let_go let_go_of
release let_go_of
relinquish let_go_of
let_out bring_out
let_loose unleash
loose unleash
disengage free
stifle suffocate
asphyxiate suffocate
choke suffocate
obturate obstruct
impede obstruct
occlude obstruct
jam obstruct
block obstruct
close_up obstruct
dam_up dam
block_off shut_off
close_off shut_off
block_out screen
earth_up land_up
block barricade
blockade barricade
stop barricade
block_off barricade
block_up barricade
bar barricade
choke_off clog
clog_up clog
back_up clog
congest clog
choke clog
foul clog
lug stuff
choke_up stuff
block stuff
silt silt_up
loosen_up unstuff
catch capture
entrap trap
snare trap
ensnare trap
trammel trap
hang_up hang
containerise containerize
shrine enshrine
load_down pack
bundle pack
wad pack
compact pack
pack compact
bunch_up bunch
bundle bunch
cluster bunch
clump bunch
lube lubricate
package box
take_out unpack
incase encase
case encase
bundle_up bundle
roll_up bundle
straighten roll_out
burthen burden
weight burden
weight_down burden
disburden unburden
unlade unload
offload unload
surcharge overload
overcharge overload
drop_off drop
set_down drop
put_down drop
unload drop
discharge drop
lade load
laden load
load_up load
charge load
reload recharge
tackle harness
link yoke
offsaddle unsaddle
contuse bruise
crush jam
settle ensconce
set put
place put
pose put
position put
lay put
thrust throw
tee_up tee
put_down set_down
place_down set_down
flump plank
plonk plank
plop plank
plunk plank
plump_down plank
plunk_down plank
plump plank
seed sow
sow inseminate
sow_in inseminate
rest pillow
mislay misplace
lose misplace
pile stack
heap stack
distribute stagger
heap_up pile_up
stack_up pile_up
tussle scuffle
mud-wrestle mudwrestle
pull attract
pull_in attract
draw attract
draw_in attract
arrest catch
get catch
drive repel
repulse repel
force_back repel
push_back repel
beat_back repel
retract draw_in
introvert invaginate
hurtle hurl
cast hurl
dash crash
bombard pelt
pitch deliver
throw_overboard deep-six
flip throw
switch throw
turn_on switch_on
cut switch_off
turn_off switch_off
turn_out switch_off
mesh engage
lock engage
operate engage
withdraw disengage
impel propel
toss flip
sky flip
pitch flip
toss_back throw_back
cast shed
cast_off shed
shake_off shed
throw shed
throw_off shed
throw_away shed
drop shed
autotomise autotomize
set_up pitch
camp_down camp
catapult sling
toss chuck
set_in_motion launch
send_off project
skip skim
skitter skim
gush jet
drive force
ram force
toenail toe
wind wreathe
ice frost
incrust encrust
beset encrust
twine intertwine
entwine intertwine
enlace intertwine
interlace intertwine
lace intertwine
ruddle raddle
plash pleach
interweave weave
pleach braid
vandalise vandalize
unknot unravel
unscramble unravel
untangle unravel
unpick unravel
tangle ravel
knot ravel
unravel ravel
ravel_out ravel
lace_up lace
wind_up wind
wrap wind
roll wind
twine wind
circle encircle
clew clue
unreel reel_off
wind_off unwind
unroll unwind
disentangle unwind
loop coil
curl coil
jampack jam
ram jam
chock_up jam
cram jam
wad jam
flood deluge
inundate deluge
swamp deluge
misfunction malfunction
work function
operate function
go function
run function
tick_over idle
come_up go_on
come_on go_on
fill_out pad
squeeze wedge
force wedge
bump dislodge
exorcize exorcise
wedge lodge
stick lodge
deposit lodge
free dislodge
engraft implant
embed implant
imbed implant
plant implant
sink bury
countersink set
graft transplant
engraft graft
ingraft graft
grain ingrain
intrench entrench
dig_in entrench
boss emboss
stamp emboss
imprint impress
fleck spot
blob spot
blot spot
make_clean clean
do_the_dishes wash_up
clean_house houseclean
clean houseclean
G.I. g
GI g
soil dirty
begrime dirty
grime dirty
colly dirty
bemire dirty
muck mire
mud mire
muck_up mire
launder wash
powerwash pressure-wash
rinse_off rinse
pan_out pan
pan_off pan
stone-wash stonewash
hand-wash handwash
machine-wash machine_wash
stain tarnish
maculate tarnish
sully tarnish
defile tarnish
sully defile
corrupt defile
taint defile
cloud defile
spot blemish
bespeckle speckle
speckle stipple
bespatter spatter
suck absorb
imbibe absorb
soak_up absorb
sop_up absorb
suck_up absorb
draw absorb
take_in absorb
take_up absorb
resorb reabsorb
imbibe assimilate
take_up sorb
draw_out aspirate
suck_out aspirate
take_up take_in
shed spill
disgorge spill
shed spill
pour_forth spill
slop spill
splatter spill
fall hang
flow hang
sit_down sit
roost perch
rest perch
sit seat
sit_down seat
put_down lay
repose lay
crouch squat
scrunch squat
scrunch_up squat
hunker squat
hunker_down squat
stand_up stand
stand_up stand
place_upright stand
repose recumb
recline recumb
clasp buckle
clasp brooch
rub_out erase
score_out erase
efface erase
wipe_off erase
cancel delete
scratch strike
expunge strike
excise strike
cut_out scratch_out
disfigure deface
blemish deface
anatomise anatomize
mark scar
pock scar
pit scar
cicatrise cicatrize
sculpture sculpt
grave sculpt
pare whittle
whittle_down whittle_away
wear_away whittle_away
saber sabre
die_out die
tail dock
bob dock
split cleave
rive cleave
disunite separate
divide separate
part separate
divide separate
part separate
slice slit
shear fleece
sever discerp
lop discerp
break_up sever
clash collide
ram crash
break_up crash
break_apart crash
section segment
syllabicate syllabify
syllabize syllabify
syllabise syllabify
partition_off partition
pound_off pound
ruin destroy
spoil rape
despoil rape
violate rape
plunder rape
wreck bust_up
wrack bust_up
smash_up bang_up
smash bang_up
extirpate uproot
deracinate uproot
root_out uproot
set plant
forest afforest
stifle smother
strangle smother
muffle smother
repress smother
surround smother
put_out smother
asphyxiate smother
suffocate smother
instal install
put_in install
set_up install
instal install
set_up install
establish install
put_up post
gag choke
fret choke
scrag choke
strangulate strangle
throttle strangle
behead decapitate
decollate decapitate
garrotte garrote
garotte garrote
scrag garrote
stake impale
take_apart dismember
discerp dismember
tense strain
clinch clench
rip rend
rive rend
pull rend
rupture tear
snap tear
bust tear
tear_up shred
rip_up shred
grip grapple
tamp tamp_down
pack tamp_down
depress press_down
depress lower
ram_down ram
pound ram
fix situate
posit situate
deposit situate
browse crop
graze crop
range crop
pasture crop
graze crop
pasture crop
buffer cushion
soften cushion
dip dunk
souse dunk
plunge dunk
douse dunk
plunge immerse
submerse submerge
lade ladle
laden ladle
fork pitchfork
spread unfold
spread_out unfold
open unfold
enfold envelop
enwrap envelop
wrap envelop
enclose envelop
capsulate capsule
capsulize capsule
capsulise capsule
enshroud shroud
hide shroud
cover shroud
swallow immerse
swallow_up immerse
bury immerse
eat_up immerse
draw trace
line trace
describe trace
delineate trace
chamfer bevel
shoot inject
untangle extricate
disentangle extricate
disencumber extricate
fiddle tamper
monkey tamper
fiddle toy
diddle toy
play toy
force storm
kick_down kick_in
frame_in frame
border frame
close_in enclose
inclose enclose
shut_in enclose
glass_in glass
dyke dike
fence_in fence
rope_off rope_in
cordon_off rope_in
label tag
mark tag
trademark brand
brandmark brand
rest_on lean_on
lean_against lean_on
piece patch
vamp_up vamp
flick jerk
ruffle flick
riffle flick
post stake
jerk yank
tweak pluck
pull_off pluck
pick_off pluck
draw_away draw_off
pull_off draw_off
hitch_up hike_up
prise pry
prize pry
lever pry
jimmy pry
breach gap
sweep swing
swing_out swing
crush squash
squelch squash
mash squash
squeeze squash
cranch crunch
craunch crunch
grind crunch
crank_up crank
spot-weld spotweld
buttweld butt-weld
hackle heckle
hatchel heckle
bear_down drag_down
bear_down_on drag_down
press_down_on drag_down
weigh_down drag_down
double_birdie eagle
crepe crape
conglutinate coapt
cut_across crosscut
carry hold
bear hold
balance poise
macadamise macadamize
tarmac macadamize
limber_up limber
rope lasso
soak_through sop
lock interlock
fort fortify
interlock lock
interlace lock
bring_together bond
draw_together bond
deaden girdle
strip clean
pluck_at pick_at
pull_at pick_at
pull_back retract
draw_back retract
break_up break
drip dribble
drop dribble
beplaster plaster
hedge_in hedge
retire put_out
metallize metalize
put_aside put_away
cloak clothe
drape clothe
robe clothe
create make
bring institute
short short-circuit
make do
undo unmake
refashion remake
redo remake
make_over remake
destruct destroy
self-destroy self-destruct
sweep_away wipe_out
make produce
create produce
pulsate pulse
clap_together clap_up
slap_together clap_up
customize custom-make
customise custom-make
tailor-make custom-make
dummy_up dummy
compile compose
confection confect
comfit confect
cobble_up cobble_together
anthologise anthologize
catalog catalogue
bring_forth generate
initiate originate
start originate
yield render
return render
give render
generate render
yield give
work bring
play bring
wreak bring
make_for bring
conjure raise
conjure_up raise
invoke raise
evoke raise
stir raise
call_down raise
arouse raise
bring_up raise
put_forward raise
call_forth raise
evoke educe
elicit educe
extract educe
draw_out educe
wring_from extort
prise pry
renew regenerate
create_mentally create_by_mental_act
contrive invent
devise invent
excogitate invent
formulate invent
forge invent
cast project
contrive project
throw project
conceive gestate
conceptualize gestate
conceptualise gestate
think_of think_up
dream_up think_up
hatch think_up
concoct think_up
manufacture fabricate
cook_up fabricate
make_up fabricate
invent fabricate
mythologise mythologize
concoct trump_up
fictionalise fictionalize
retell fictionalize
visualise visualize
envision visualize
project visualize
fancy visualize
see visualize
figure visualize
picture visualize
image visualize
visualise visualize
foresee envision
conceive_of imagine
ideate imagine
envisage imagine
fantasise fantasize
fantasize fantasy
fantasise fantasy
daydream dream
woolgather dream
stargaze dream
find discover
project plan
contrive plan
design plan
coin mint
strike mint
plan design
make create
accomplish carry_through
execute carry_through
carry_out carry_through
action carry_through
fulfill carry_through
fulfil carry_through
pioneer initiate
innovate introduce
effectuate effect
set_up effect
get draw
actuate trip
trigger trip
activate trip
set_off trip
spark_off trip
spark trip
trigger_off trip
touch_off trip
bring_on induce
stimulate induce
rush induce
hasten induce
realise realize
actualize realize
actualise realize
substantiate realize
open_up pioneer
do cause
make cause
evoke provoke
call_forth provoke
kick_up provoke
found establish
plant establish
constitute establish
institute establish
give establish
arrange stage
breed engender
spawn engender
put_on mount
turn_in put_on
actuate motivate
propel motivate
move motivate
prompt motivate
incite motivate
force impel
start_up start
embark_on start
commence start
strike_up sound_off
set_about undertake
attempt undertake
organise organize
prepare organize
devise organize
get_up organize
machinate organize
turn_out bear
create_from_raw_stuff create_from_raw_material
fabricate manufacture
construct manufacture
fake forge
counterfeit forge
build construct
make construct
establish build
frame_up frame
reconstruct rebuild
pulverize demolish
pulverise demolish
piece assemble
put_together assemble
set_up assemble
tack assemble
tack_together assemble
confuse jumble
mix_up jumble
dismantle disassemble
take_apart disassemble
break_up disassemble
break_apart disassemble
forge fashion
reforge recast
remodel recast
form shape
work shape
mold shape
mould shape
forge shape
remold reshape
erect raise
rear raise
set_up raise
put_up raise
raze level
rase level
dismantle level
tear_down level
take_down level
pull_down level
eradicate uproot
extirpate uproot
root_out uproot
exterminate uproot
press_out press
mold cast
mould cast
remold recast
remould recast
hand-build handbuild
coil handbuild
fix cook
ready cook
make cook
prepare cook
escallop scallop
whomp_up whip_up
cook_up concoct
tailor sew
tailor-make sew
tailor cut
broider embroider
fagot faggot
work_on work
process work
cold_work coldwork
make_over rework
retread rework
flight fledge
bespangle spangle
bard caparison
barde caparison
dress_up caparison
entwine knit
net web
hook crochet
double_stitch double_crochet
single_stitch single_crochet
intertwine loop
tissue weave
intertwine tat
lace braid
plait braid
hammer forge
squeeze_out extrude
adorn decorate
grace decorate
ornament decorate
embellish decorate
beautify decorate
paint_the_lily gild_the_lily
jewel bejewel
filet fillet
garnish trim
dress trim
bedight deck
bedeck deck
carnalize sensualize
animalise animalize
begild gild
engild gild
draft blueprint
draught blueprint
rubricate miniate
blazon emblazon
sculpture sculpt
interpret represent
depict picture
render picture
show picture
stylise stylize
conventionalize stylize
depict portray
limn portray
present portray
limn delineate
outline delineate
capitalise capitalize
checker check
chequer check
plot diagram
re-create copy
mimeo mimeograph
fill_in shade
streak mottle
blotch mottle
watercolor watercolour
colour color
emblazon color
mold model
mould model
mock_up model
chalk_out sketch
compose write
pen write
indite write
write_of write_on
write_about write_on
write spell
hyphen hyphenate
scratch_off dash_off
knock_off dash_off
toss_off dash_off
fling_off dash_off
dramatise dramatize
adopt dramatize
outline draft
rime rhyme
versify verse
poetize verse
poetise verse
spondaise spondaize
elegise elegize
retell recite
belt belt_out
vocalise vocalize
ghostwrite ghost
footnote annotate
cite reference
write compose
set arrange
melodise melodize
harmonise harmonize
reharmonise reharmonize
harmonise harmonize
realise realize
instrumentate instrument
trip_the_light_fantastic dance
trip_the_light_fantastic_toe dance
present stage
represent stage
localize set
localise set
place set
cinematise cinematize
execute perform
do perform
sight-read sightread
sight-sing sightsing
concertise concertize
run play
premiere premier
premiere premier
try_out audition
computerize cybernate
computerise cybernate
play act
represent act
play act
roleplay act
playact act
pretend dissemble
act dissemble
assume simulate
sham simulate
feign simulate
reenact enact
act_out enact
simulate model
practise rehearse
practice rehearse
portray impersonate
pantomime mime
spiel play
symphonise symphonize
reprize reprise
repeat reprise
recapitulate reprise
accompany play_along
follow play_along
improvize improvise
ad-lib improvise
extemporize improvise
extemporise improvise
chirp tweedle
chorus choir
render interpret
lead conduct
direct conduct
throw hold
have hold
make hold
give hold
triple-tongue double_tongue
reduplicate duplicate
double duplicate
repeat duplicate
replicate duplicate
copy replicate
geminate reduplicate
reissue reprint
run_off photocopy
xerox photocopy
induct induce
get catch
replay play_back
germinate evolve
develop evolve
preassemble prefabricate
vamp_up vamp
throw_together fudge_together
raise grow
farm grow
produce grow
crop cultivate
work cultivate
overcultivate overcrop
plough plow
turn plow
disk harrow
copy imitate
simulate imitate
mime mimic
pattern model
sovietise sovietize
follow take_after
write publish
set typeset
arrange format
tabularize table
tabularise table
tabulate table
publish print
run carry
scrawl scribble
programme program
impress print
print_over overprint
italicise italicize
etch engrave
ham_it_up overact
ham overact
overplay overact
underplay underact
bring_forth produce
bring_about produce
give_rise produce
crank_out grind_out
rough rough_in
rough_out rough_in
write_up write_out
chart graph
map_out map
burn cut
channelise channelize
free release
liberate release
shell blast
elicit arouse
enkindle arouse
kindle arouse
evoke arouse
fire arouse
raise arouse
provoke arouse
touch_a_chord strike_a_chord
ask_for invite
stir_up inflame
wake inflame
ignite inflame
heat inflame
fire_up inflame
shake stimulate
shake_up stimulate
excite stimulate
stir stimulate
sex arouse
excite arouse
turn_on arouse
wind_up arouse
rouse agitate
turn_on agitate
charge agitate
commove agitate
excite agitate
charge_up agitate
overflow bubble_over
spill_over bubble_over
psych_up hype_up
calm_down calm
cool_off calm
chill_out calm
simmer_down calm
settle_down calm
cool_it calm
unhinge perturb
disquiet perturb
trouble perturb
cark perturb
distract perturb
disorder perturb
derange unbalance
calm_down calm
quiet calm
tranquilize calm
tranquillize calm
tranquillise calm
quieten calm
lull calm
still calm
lenify pacify
conciliate pacify
assuage pacify
appease pacify
mollify pacify
placate pacify
gentle pacify
gruntle pacify
vex worry
eat_on eat
assure reassure
care worry
withdraw retire
boil seethe
impress affect
move affect
strike affect
strike_home hit_home
strike_a_chord hit_home
strike_a_note hit_home
sweep_off sweep_away
upset disturb
trouble disturb
stir touch
get_under_one's_skin get
experience feel
plume pride
congratulate pride
smoulder smolder
harbour harbor
hold harbor
entertain harbor
nurse harbor
envenom embitter
acerbate embitter
fret eat_into
rankle eat_into
grate eat_into
grudge stew
detest hate
loathe abhor
abominate abhor
execrate abhor
despise contemn
scorn contemn
disdain contemn
cherish care_for
hold_dear care_for
treasure care_for
saint enshrine
go_for fancy
take_to fancy
idolise idolize
worship idolize
hero-worship idolize
revere idolize
fear reverence
revere reverence
venerate reverence
fright frighten
scare frighten
affright frighten
cow overawe
dread fear
terrorize terrify
terrorise terrify
bully strong-arm
browbeat strong-arm
bullyrag strong-arm
ballyrag strong-arm
boss_around strong-arm
hector strong-arm
push_around strong-arm
tyrannise tyrannize
domineer tyrannize
quail_at apprehend
alarm dismay
appal dismay
appall dismay
horrify dismay
obsess haunt
ghost haunt
unnerve faze
enervate faze
unsettle faze
freak freak_out
gross_out freak_out
lose_it break_down
snap break_down
burst break
erupt break
crack crack_up
crock_up crack_up
break_up crack_up
collapse crack_up
dash daunt
scare_off daunt
pall daunt
frighten_off daunt
scare_away daunt
frighten_away daunt
scare daunt
irk gall
exasperate infuriate
incense infuriate
see_red anger
craze madden
rag annoy
get_to annoy
bother annoy
get_at annoy
irritate annoy
rile annoy
nark annoy
nettle annoy
gravel annoy
vex annoy
chafe annoy
devil annoy
offend pique
hassle harass
harry harass
chivy harass
chivvy harass
chevy harass
chevvy harass
beset harass
plague harass
molest harass
provoke harass
discompose upset
untune upset
disconcert upset
discomfit upset
flurry confuse
disconcert confuse
put_off confuse
bemuse bewilder
discombobulate bewilder
throw bewilder
deflect distract
abash embarrass
anguish pain
hurt pain
wound hurt
injure hurt
bruise hurt
offend hurt
spite hurt
niggle fuss
fret fuss
agonise agonize
agonise agonize
blow_up flip_one's_lid
throw_a_fit flip_one's_lid
hit_the_roof flip_one's_lid
hit_the_ceiling flip_one's_lid
have_kittens flip_one's_lid
have_a_fit flip_one's_lid
combust flip_one's_lid
blow_one's_stack flip_one's_lid
fly_off_the_handle flip_one's_lid
flip_one's_wig flip_one's_lid
lose_one's_temper flip_one's_lid
blow_a_fuse flip_one's_lid
go_ballistic flip_one's_lid
froth_at_the_mouth foam_at_the_mouth
tickle thrill
vibrate thrill
regret repent
rue repent
atone repent
sorrow grieve
aggrieve grieve
strain try
stress try
let_down disappoint
betray fail
come_short fall_short
mortify humiliate
chagrin humiliate
humble humiliate
abase humiliate
smash crush
demolish crush
degrade take_down
disgrace take_down
demean take_down
put_down take_down
dehumanise dehumanize
humanise humanize
subdue mortify
crucify mortify
keen lament
express_feelings express_emotion
torture torment
excruciate torment
rack torment
rag torment
bedevil torment
crucify torment
dun torment
frustrate torment
badger tease
pester tease
bug tease
beleaguer tease
keep_in_line manipulate
control manipulate
cotton_up cozy_up
shine_up cozy_up
play_up cozy_up
sidle_up cozy_up
suck_up cozy_up
look_for anticipate
look_to anticipate
moon_around mope
moon_about mope
brood grizzle
stew grizzle
yearn ache
yen ache
pine ache
languish ache
poise brace
nerve steel
buck_up take_heart
enamour capture
trance capture
catch capture
becharm capture
enamor capture
captivate capture
beguile capture
charm capture
fascinate capture
bewitch capture
entrance capture
enchant capture
antagonise antagonize
invite tempt
appeal attract
revolt disgust
nauseate disgust
sicken disgust
churn_up disgust
put_off turn_off
repulse repel
floor shock
ball_over shock
blow_out_of_the_water shock
take_aback shock
overpower overwhelm
sweep_over overwhelm
whelm overwhelm
overcome overwhelm
overtake overwhelm
offend shock
scandalize shock
scandalise shock
appal shock
appall shock
outrage shock
lift_up elate
uplift elate
pick_up elate
intoxicate elate
tickle_pink exhilarate
inebriate exhilarate
thrill exhilarate
exalt exhilarate
beatify exhilarate
animate inspire
invigorate inspire
enliven inspire
exalt inspire
joy gladden
walk_on_air exult
be_on_cloud_nine exult
jump_for_joy exult
joy rejoice
lighten_up lighten
buoy_up lighten
weigh_on weigh_down
deject depress
cast_down depress
get_down depress
dismay depress
dispirit depress
demoralize depress
demoralise depress
soothe comfort
console comfort
solace comfort
allay still
relieve still
ease still
delight please
gratify satisfy
enrapture enchant
transport enchant
enthrall enchant
ravish enchant
enthral enchant
delight enchant
disillusion disenchant
hearten cheer
recreate cheer
embolden cheer
goad spur
put_off dishearten
restrain intimidate
pour_cold_water_on throw_cold_water_on
flap dither
pother dither
bask enjoy
relish enjoy
savor enjoy
savour enjoy
exasperate exacerbate
aggravate exacerbate
transfix fascinate
grip fascinate
spellbind fascinate
galvanize startle
galvanise startle
tire bore
pity feel_for
compassionate feel_for
condole_with feel_for
sympathize_with feel_for
sympathize commiserate
sympathise commiserate
sympathise sympathize
give_a_hoot care_a_hang
give_a_hang care_a_hang
give_a_damn care_a_hang
rejoice wallow
triumph wallow
alienate estrange
alien estrange
disaffect estrange
drift_away drift_apart
wish_well wish
care wish
like wish
resent begrudge
want desire
spoil itch
trust hope
desire hope
begrudge envy
drool salivate
slobber_over drool_over
look_up_to admire
lech_after lust_after
long hanker
yearn hanker
enjoy love
pride_oneself take_pride
go_to_pieces fall_apart
beam glow
radiate glow
shine glow
hit_the_deck hit_the_dirt
stop_dead freeze
get_stuck grind_to_a_halt
bog_down grind_to_a_halt
mire grind_to_a_halt
bog_down mire
go travel
move travel
locomote travel
overfly pass_over
get_about get_around
trip travel
jaunt travel
junket junketeer
resort repair
visit travel_to
inspect visit
haunt frequent
journey travel
sail voyage
navigate voyage
journey travel
give_way move_over
give move_over
ease_up move_over
yield move_over
go_away go
depart go
shove_along shove_off
blow shove_off
come_up come
come_near approach
displace move
centre center
syphon siphon
siphon_off siphon
take_out draw
transfer transplant
transmigrate migrate
stick stay
stick_around stay
stay_put stay
start_up start
rein_in rein
re-start restart
crank_up crank
jump-start jumpstart
jump jumpstart
hold halt
arrest halt
halt stop
rein_in rein
conk stall
stop_over stop
pull_up draw_up
haul_up draw_up
pull_up draw_up
run ply
go start
get_going start
take_off get_off_the_ground
pitch lurch
shift lurch
jar jolt
shake_up jar
bump_around jar
bob_about bob_around
welter wallow
turn_over roll
revolve roll
trample tramp_down
tread_down tramp_down
weave waver
wrestle writhe
wriggle writhe
worm writhe
squirm writhe
twist writhe
coggle wobble
sashay sidle
sail sweep
sweep brush
slip skid
slue skid
slew skid
slide skid
waggle wamble
wobble shimmy
shove jostle
force push
obtrude push_out
thrust_out push_out
push_away push_aside
sway rock
shake rock
sway rock
vacillate fluctuate
waver fluctuate
sway swing
vibrate oscillate
waver flicker
flitter flicker
flutter flicker
quiver flicker
swing_about swing_around
turn_around swing_around
throb pulsate
pulse pulsate
beat pulsate
quiver pulsate
flutter palpitate
pound beat
thump beat
tap_out beat_out
thump_out beat_out
seesaw teeter
totter teeter
wander roll
swan roll
stray roll
tramp roll
roam roll
cast roll
ramble roll
rove roll
range roll
drift roll
vagabond roll
take_the_air walk
gad gallivant
jazz_around gallivant
wind weave
thread weave
meander weave
wander weave
dislodge shift
reposition shift
lark frolic
rollick frolic
skylark frolic
disport frolic
sport frolic
cavort frolic
gambol frolic
frisk frolic
romp frolic
run_around frolic
lark_about frolic
spurt forge
spirt forge
jerk buck
hitch buck
cant_over cant
tilt cant
slant cant
pitch cant
wobble careen
shift careen
tilt careen
surge scend
boil churn
moil churn
roil churn
creep crawl
slide slither
roll wheel
slip steal
quake tremor
shiver shudder
throb shudder
thrill shudder
quake quiver
palpitate quiver
agitate shake
shake_up succuss
thresh convulse
thresh_about convulse
thrash convulse
thrash_about convulse
slash convulse
toss convulse
jactitate convulse
shake judder
twitch jerk
resile bounce
take_a_hop bounce
spring bounce
bound bounce
rebound bounce
recoil bounce
reverberate bounce
ricochet bounce
jounce bounce
bound_off skip
toss flip
turtle capsize
turn_turtle capsize
flick flip
twitch flip
click snap
shift stir
budge stir
agitate stir
stir arouse
sashay chasse
bebop bop
waltz_around waltz
tap tapdance
country-dance contradance
contredanse contradance
contra_danse contradance
break-dance break_dance
break break_dance
rumba rhumba
slam slam_dance
mosh slam_dance
thrash slam_dance
joggle jiggle
wiggle jiggle
waggle wag
call_off call
flutter flit
fleet flit
dart flit
trip stumble
trip_up trip
falter stumble
bumble stumble
waver falter
jog trot
clip trot
undulate roll
flap roll
wave roll
mill_about mill
mill_around mill
scamper scurry
skitter scurry
scuttle scurry
drift float
be_adrift float
blow float
surge tide
ebb_away ebb
ebb_down ebb
ebb_out ebb
ebb_off ebb
swim float
leg_it foot
hoof foot
hoof_it foot
turn_over overturn
tip_over overturn
tump_over overturn
move_around turn
tip_over overturn
turn_over overturn
upset overturn
knock_over overturn
bowl_over overturn
tump_over overturn
jump startle
start startle
shlep traipse
walk_about perambulate
walk_around perambulate
walk_around circumambulate
compass circumnavigate
mouse sneak
creep sneak
pussyfoot sneak
track traverse
cover traverse
cross traverse
pass_over traverse
get_over traverse
get_across traverse
cut_through traverse
cut_across traverse
pass_through infiltrate
pass_through transit
move_through transit
pass_across transit
pass_over transit
slice_through slice_into
swagger tittup
ruffle tittup
prance tittup
strut tittup
sashay tittup
cock tittup
somnambulate sleepwalk
gimp limp
hobble limp
hitch limp
scuffle shuffle
shamble shuffle
drag scuff
saunter stroll
mosey amble
mope_around mope
coggle toddle
totter toddle
dodder toddle
paddle toddle
waddle toddle
footslog slog
plod slog
trudge slog
pad slog
tramp slog
squish squelch
splash squelch
splosh squelch
slosh squelch
slop squelch
scramble clamber
shin clamber
shinny clamber
skin clamber
struggle clamber
sputter clamber
climb_up climb
mount climb
go_up climb
abseil rappel
rope_down rappel
mount hop_on
mount_up hop_on
get_on hop_on
jump_on hop_on
climb_on hop_on
bestride hop_on
get_off hop_out
tip tiptoe
tippytoe tiptoe
troop parade
promenade parade
exhibit parade
march parade
reel stagger
keel stagger
lurch stagger
swag stagger
careen stagger
flounder stagger
stamp stomp
stump stomp
pound lumber
err stray
drift stray
pack backpack
consort run
bear_down_upon bear_down_on
point luff
trample tread
clomp clump
motor drive
take drive
maneuver steer
manoeuver steer
manoeuvre steer
direct steer
point steer
head steer
guide steer
channelize steer
channelise steer
pilot navigate
canalize channel
canalise channel
tree corner
cycle bicycle
bike bicycle
pedal bicycle
wheel bicycle
motorcycle motorbike
cycle motorbike
rail train
sleigh sled
mush dogsled
bob bobsled
luge toboggan
wing fly
aviate fly
pilot fly
skim plane
soar sailplane
seaplane hydroplane
soar_up soar
soar_upwards soar
surge soar
zoom soar
skyrocket rocket
hover levitate
steam steamer
rack scud
wear_round tack
gybe jibe
jib jibe
change_course jibe
surf surfboard
cab taxi
send transport
ship transport
airfreight air-ship
air-freight air-ship
direct send
airt redirect
desexualise desexualize
despatch dispatch
send_off dispatch
send_on forward
flat-hat hedgehop
soar hang_glide
tool joyride
tool_around joyride
hitch hitchhike
thumb hitchhike
sit ride
dismount unhorse
light unhorse
get_off unhorse
get_down unhorse
extend gallop
rack single-foot
break_water fin
leap jump
bound jump
spring jump
leap jump
overleap vault
rush_out leap_out
sally_out leap_out
burst_forth leap_out
roll_down avalanche
skip hop
hop-skip hop
plunge dive
plunk dive
skydive sky_dive
parachute chute
jump chute
lift rise
arise rise
move_up rise
go_up rise
come_up rise
uprise rise
go_up ascend
move_up ascend
rise ascend
come_up rise
uprise rise
ascend rise
go_down set
go_under set
fall descend
go_down descend
come_down descend
slump decline
correct decline
subside sink
pass sink
lapse sink
take_down lower
let_down lower
get_down lower
bring_down lower
raise lift
lift raise
elevate raise
get_up raise
bring_up raise
chin_up chin
leaven raise
prove raise
hike_up hike
boost hike
lift_up pick_up
gather_up pick_up
douse dip
duck dip
topple tumble
dump plunge
plump_down plonk_down
plank_down plonk_down
plump plummet
flump_down flump
climb_down alight
light alight
perch alight
debark disembark
set_down disembark
ship embark
set_down land
put_down land
bring_down land
shoot_down down
land down
set_ashore land
shore land
rise_up rear
fall_open drop_open
take assume
strike assume
take_up assume
pull_up draw_up
straighten_up draw_up
erect rear
prick prick_up
cock_up prick_up
prove rise
rise arise
uprise arise
get_up arise
stand_up arise
uprise bristle
stand_up bristle
fall_down fall
sit sit_down
lie lie_down
stretch_out stretch
droop sag
swag sag
flag sag
sag_down sag
drop sink
drop_down sink
settle subside
jog square_up
even_up square_up
glycerolise glycerolize
deglycerolise deglycerolize
settle_down settle
slide_down slump
sink slump
fall_in collapse
cave_in collapse
give collapse
give_way collapse
break collapse
founder collapse
burst collapse
slouch slump
settle sink
go_down sink
go_under sink
come_up surface
rise_up surface
rise surface
intumesce bubble_up
swell well
submerse submerge
crank zigzag
travel_along follow
teetertotter teeter-totter
seesaw teeter-totter
progress advance
pass_on advance
move_on advance
march_on advance
go_on advance
sneak_up creep_up
infringe encroach
impinge encroach
push_on press_on
plough_on press_on
string_along string
bring_forward advance
set_ahead advance
retreat withdraw
pull_away withdraw
draw_back withdraw
recede withdraw
pull_back withdraw
retire withdraw
move_back withdraw
retreat retrograde
pull draw
pull_out draw
get_out draw
take_out draw
go_forward proceed
continue proceed
thrust_ahead barge
push_forward barge
process march
back_off back_up
back_down back_up
dawdle lag
fall_back lag
fall_behind lag
surmount scale
lead precede
head lead
take lead
direct lead
conduct lead
guide lead
misdirect mislead
misguide mislead
lead_astray mislead
show usher
follow pursue
chase_after chase
trail chase
tail chase
tag chase
give_chase chase
dog chase
go_after chase
track chase
drive_out chase_away
turn_back chase_away
drive_away chase_away
dispel chase_away
drive_off chase_away
run_off chase_away
shoo shoo_off
shoo_away shoo_off
hunt hound
trace hound
stalk haunt
retrace trace
turn_back backtrack
double_back backtrack
flash_back cut_back
head_home go_home
get arrive
come arrive
come_in come
hit reach
attain reach
get_at access
peak top_out
take_leave depart
quit depart
go_forth leave
go_away leave
walk_away walk_off
skip decamp
vamoose decamp
buzz_off scram
fuck_off scram
get scram
bugger_off scram
run_out run_off
bolt run_off
bolt_out run_off
beetle_off run_off
ride_away ride_off
linger tarry
dawdle dally
jump derail
shift transfer
carry_forward carry_over
crowd_out force_out
part depart
start depart
start_out depart
set_forth depart
set_off depart
set_out depart
take_off depart
lift_off take_off
blaze_out blaze
sally_out sally_forth
get_out pull_out
get_in pull_in
move_in pull_in
draw_in pull_in
go_out exit
get_out exit
leave exit
come_in enter
get_into enter
get_in enter
go_into enter
go_in enter
move_into enter
out_in call_at
edge_up edge_in
get_on board
enplane emplane
irrupt intrude
crash barge_in
gate-crash barge_in
trespass transgress
overstep transgress
invade intrude_on
obtrude_upon intrude_on
encroach_upon intrude_on
raid foray_into
overrun infest
make reach
attain reach
hit reach
arrive_at reach
gain reach
breast summit
come_through get_through
make reach
get_to reach
progress_to reach
run_aground ground
strand ground
run_aground ground
run_into meet
encounter meet
run_across meet
come_across meet
see meet
cross intersect
fort_up fort
constellate cluster
flock cluster
clump cluster
escort see
chaperon chaperone
huddle_together huddle
bunch bunch_together
bunch_up bunch_together
crowd_together crowd
swarm pour
stream pour
teem pour
pullulate pour
crowd herd
dissipate disperse
scatter disperse
spread_out disperse
dissolve disband
part separate
split separate
dissipate disperse
dispel disperse
break_up disperse
scatter disperse
divide separate
rail_off rail
close_off shut_off
straggle sprawl
sheer swerve
curve swerve
trend swerve
veer swerve
slue swerve
slew swerve
cut swerve
bend deflect
turn_away deflect
turn_away avert
curve crook
curve arch
arc arch
arch_over overarch
hump hunch
hunch_forward hunch
hunch_over hunch
unbend straighten
flex bend
replicate retroflex
line_up dress
queue_up line_up
queue line_up
incline slope
pitch slope
tilt lean
tip lean
slant lean
angle lean
heel list
lean list
recline lean_back
sink dip
ruffle ripple
riffle ripple
cockle ripple
undulate ripple
curtsey curtsy
kowtow scrape
genuflect scrape
surge billow
heave billow
wallow billow
crumple crumble
tumble crumble
break_down crumble
collapse crumble
tunnel burrow
pass_around circulate
pass_on circulate
distribute circulate
circularise circularize
orbit orb
revolve orb
circulate circle
go_around revolve
rotate revolve
splay turn_out
spread_out turn_out
rotate turn_out
circumvolve rotate
wheel_around wheel
wheel_around wheel
swivel pivot
spin_around spin
whirl spin
reel spin
gyrate spin
centrifugate centrifuge
purl eddy
whirlpool eddy
swirl eddy
whirl eddy
tumble whirl
whirl_around whirl
birl whirl
spin whirl
twirl whirl
birle birl
swirl twirl
twiddle twirl
whirl twirl
spiral gyrate
coil gyrate
spiral corkscrew
overtake pass
overhaul pass
go_through pass
go_across pass
negociate negotiate
work make
blunder fumble
pass_by travel_by
surpass travel_by
go_past travel_by
go_by travel_by
pass travel_by
make_pass pass
fly_by zip_by
whisk_by zip_by
near approach
come_on approach
go_up approach
draw_near approach
draw_close approach
come_near approach
come_together close
draw_in close_in
crowd push
stretch unfold
stretch_out unfold
extend unfold
shoot tear
shoot_down tear
charge tear
buck tear
zoom_along zoom
whizz zoom
whizz_along zoom
speed travel_rapidly
hurry travel_rapidly
zip travel_rapidly
drive_out rout_out
force_out rout_out
rouse rout_out
chauffeur drive_around
bustle_about bustle
hustle bustle
dawdle linger
trail drag
get_behind drag
hang_back drag
drop_behind drag
drop_back drag
hotfoot rush
hasten rush
hie rush
speed rush
race rush
pelt_along rush
rush_along rush
cannonball_along rush
bucket_along rush
belt_along rush
step_on_it rush
rush race
rush_away rush_off
shack trail
spread diffuse
spread_out diffuse
fan_out diffuse
bleed run
squinch flinch
funk flinch
cringe flinch
shrink flinch
wince flinch
recoil flinch
quail flinch
retract shrink_back
dash dart
scoot dart
scud dart
flash dart
shoot dart
hurl lunge
hurtle lunge
thrust lunge
stoop crouch
bend crouch
bow crouch
double double_over
double_up double_over
bow_down prostrate
crawl fawn
creep fawn
cringe fawn
cower fawn
grovel fawn
cower huddle
mob throng
pack throng
pile throng
jam throng
swoop pounce
divert deviate
depart sidetrack
digress sidetrack
straggle sidetrack
flux flow
transpirate transpire
flow run
feed run
course run
run_off waste
spirt spurt
gush spurt
spout spurt
whoosh hiss
whoosh woosh
pour_out effuse
run_out spill
spill_out spill_over
pour_out spill_over
pour decant
pour_out decant
well_out stream
dribble trickle
filter trickle
cascade_down cascade
run_out drain
percolate leach
ooze seep
overrun overflow
well_over overflow
run_over overflow
brim_over overflow
inch edge
rachet_up ratchet
ratchet_down ratchet
lapse elapse
pass elapse
slip_by elapse
glide_by elapse
slip_away elapse
go_by elapse
slide_by elapse
go_along elapse
fell fly
vanish fly
break_out break
break_away break
shake_off shake
throw_off shake
escape_from shake
bolt abscond
absquatulate abscond
decamp abscond
run_off abscond
go_off abscond
make_off abscond
run_off elope
evade elude
bilk elude
get_away escape
break_loose escape
run scat
scarper scat
turn_tail scat
lam scat
run_away scat
hightail_it scat
bunk scat
head_for_the_hills scat
take_to_the_woods scat
escape scat
fly_the_coop scat
break_away scat
fly flee
take_flight flee
make take
steal_away slip_away
sneak_away slip_away
sneak_off slip_away
sneak_out slip_away
empty vacate
abandon vacate
break_camp decamp
spread_out expand
convey bring
take bring
take_back return
bring_back return
introduce bring_in
conduct impart
transmit impart
convey impart
carry impart
channel impart
top clear
outstrip outdistance
distance outdistance
protrude start
pop start
pop_out start
bulge start
bulge_out start
bug_out start
come_out start
circle_around revolve_around
circle_round revolve_around
scatter spread
spread_out spread
muck manure
lime birdlime
rouse bestir
march_out debouch
bring_outside exteriorize
go_around outflank
transfer remove
change transfer
step_forward come_to_the_fore
come_forward come_to_the_fore
step_up come_to_the_fore
step_to_the_fore come_to_the_fore
come_out come_to_the_fore
turn_over turn
tread step
tread_on step_on
flap beat
flap beat
thresh flail
stuff thrust
shove thrust
squeeze thrust
bedhop bed-hop
sleep_around bed-hop
plough plow
tumble topple
tip topple
fall_out come_out
curl curl_up
draw_in curl_up
move_around travel
draw pull
strike hit
leap jump
jump_off jump
climb_up ascend
register record
sense feel
comprehend perceive
receive pick_up
receive experience
have experience
get experience
receive get
strike hit
come_to hit
endure suffer
get catch
meet suffer
see experience
go_through experience
insolate sun
solarize sun
solarise sun
air air_out
aerate air_out
solarise solarize
solarise solarize
solarise solarize
photosensitise photosensitize
desensitise desensitize
benumb numb
blunt numb
dull numb
bedaze stun
daze stun
stupefy besot
sensitise sensitize
excite stimulate
stir stimulate
suck fellate
blow fellate
go_down_on fellate
quicken whet
pick_up catch
mark notice
note notice
take_note note
observe note
gall chafe
fret chafe
scratch rub
itch rub
titillate tickle
vellicate tickle
sting bite
burn bite
urticate nettle
ache hurt
suffer hurt
smart ache
hurt ache
prickle tingle
prick prickle
sting prick
twinge prick
stink reek
whiff sniff
nose scent
wind scent
scent_out sniff_out
smell_out sniff_out
nose_out sniff_out
odourise odorize
scent odorize
smell_up stink_up
stink_out stink_up
snuffle snuff
get_a_whiff get_a_noseful
aromatize perfume
aromatise perfume
incense cense
thurify cense
deodorise deodorize
deodourise deodorize
fume fumigate
lose miss
look_on watch
find witness
see witness
get_a_look catch_sight
catch_a_glimpse catch_sight
lay_eyes_on behold
consider view
look_at view
see examine
have_a_look take_a_look
get_a_load take_a_look
look_backward look_back
stare gaze
outstare stare_down
outface stare_down
consider regard
appear look
seem look
seem appear
reverberate reflect
expose disclose
show_up show
exhibit expose
display expose
bring_forth produce
flash flaunt
show_off flaunt
ostentate flaunt
swank flaunt
pose model
sit model
posture model
bring_out uncover
unveil uncover
reveal uncover
unearth excavate
dig_up dig
dig_out dig
conceal hide
block obstruct
hide_out hide
hold_back conceal
hold_in conceal
cloak dissemble
mask dissemble
gloss_over whitewash
sleek_over whitewash
hush_up whitewash
cover_up cover
harbour harbor
shield harbor
demo show
exhibit show
present show
demonstrate show
view watch
see watch
catch watch
take_in watch
visualise visualize
look_out watch
watch_out watch
skim scan
rake scan
glance_over scan
run_down scan
flip flick
thumb flick
riffle flick
leaf flick
riff flick
take_stock size_up
scrutinize size_up
scrutinise size_up
look search
spot descry
espy descry
spy descry
observe detect
find detect
discover detect
notice detect
disappear vanish
go_away vanish
bring_on produce
bring_out produce
pop_up crop_up
pop crop_up
befog obscure
becloud obscure
obnubilate obscure
haze_over obscure
fog obscure
cloud obscure
mist obscure
glaze_over film_over
blur film_over
occult eclipse
mask disguise
orientate orient
guide_on guide
reorient reorientate
disorientate disorient
blink flash
wink flash
twinkle flash
winkle flash
flick flicker
glimmer gleam
beam glow
radiate glow
shine glow
dip dim
bedazzle dazzle
daze dazzle
glisten glitter
glint glitter
gleam glitter
shine glitter
supervise monitor
sight spy
gape goggle
gawp goggle
gawk goggle
peek glance
glint glance
consider study
eyeball eye
keep_one's_eyes_skinned keep_one's_eyes_peeled
keep_one's_eyes_open keep_one's_eyes_peeled
reconnoiter scout
reconnoitre scout
give_the_once_over give_the_eye
horn_in intrude
pry intrude
nose intrude
poke intrude
hang attend
advert attend
pay_heed attend
give_ear attend
hear listen
take_heed listen
squeak whine
screech whine
creak whine
screak whine
skreak whine
clack clatter
brattle clatter
clitter stridulate
jingle-jangle jingle
jangle jingle
resound make_noise
noise make_noise
clangor clang
clangour clangor
boom_out boom
beat drum
thrum drum
crackle crepitate
ticktock tick
ticktack tick
beat tick
vibrate resonate
go sound
twirp tweet
ping pink
knock pink
thrum strum
peal ring
dong ding
dingdong ding
knell ring
bombinate buzz
bombilate buzz
blare blast
crack snap
blare honk
beep honk
claxon honk
toot honk
echo resound
ring resound
reverberate resound
thump thud
thud crump
scrunch crump
clump clop
clunk clop
plunk clop
pitter-patter patter
rap tap
knock tap
pink tap
tick click
click chatter
tink tinkle
clink tinkle
chink tinkle
splosh splash
slosh splash
slush splash
thrum hum
grumble rumble
din boom
babble ripple
guggle ripple
burble ripple
bubble ripple
gurgle ripple
swish lap
swosh lap
swoosh lap
whiz whizz
whirr whizz
whir whizz
birr whizz
purr whizz
tap wiretap
intercept wiretap
bug wiretap
take_in catch
overhear catch
get catch
harken hark
hearken hark
eavesdrop listen_in
deaf deafen
hush quieten
quiet quieten
quiesce quieten
quiet_down quieten
pipe_down quieten
muzzle gag
mute muffle
dull muffle
damp muffle
dampen muffle
tone_down muffle
flavor season
flavour season
spice zest
spice_up zest
recognize spot
recognise spot
distinguish spot
discern spot
pick_out spot
make_out spot
tell_apart spot
savour savor
savour savor
savor taste
savour taste
taste smack
reek smack
smell smack
gross_out disgust
revolt disgust
repel disgust
nauseate sicken
turn_one's_stomach sicken
dulcify sweeten
edulcorate sweeten
dulcorate sweeten
saccharify sugar
glaze sugarcoat
candy sugarcoat
acidify sour
acidulate sour
acetify sour
follow surveil
survey surveil
pony_up cough_up
spit_up cough_up
gift give
present give
dower endow
give_out distribute
hand_out distribute
pass_out distribute
raffle_off raffle
fee tip
bung tip
hold_on keep
hold_over carry_over
maintain keep
have_got have
hold have
monopolise monopolize
exert wield
maintain wield
have own
possess own
repossess take_back
come_into come_by
hit stumble
purchase buy
repurchase buy_back
rent lease
hire lease
charter lease
engage lease
take lease
let lease
rent lease
sublease sublet
rent_out hire_out
farm_out hire_out
subscribe_to subscribe
take subscribe
accept take
have receive
acquire get
come_upon enter_upon
luck_into enter_upon
refuse deny
abnegate deny
get_hold line_up
come_up line_up
find line_up
keep_back withhold
immobilise immobilize
deduct withhold
recoup withhold
take_over absorb
subsidise subsidize
subsidise subsidize
fund_raise fund-raise
fundraise fund-raise
take_in collect
computerise computerize
bring_home_the_bacon provide
patronize sponsor
patronise sponsor
alienate alien
secularize desacralize
change_owners change_hands
fling discard
toss discard
toss_out discard
toss_away discard
chuck_out discard
cast_aside discard
dispose discard
throw_out discard
cast_out discard
throw_away discard
cast_away discard
put_away discard
give_it_the_deep_six deep-six
junk trash
scrap trash
comb_out weed_out
remove get_rid_of
ditch dump
preserve save
skimp stint
scant stint
terrasse terrace
recover reclaim
ditch chuck
renounce foreswear
quit foreswear
relinquish foreswear
give_up abandon
strand maroon
allot assign
portion assign
will bequeath
leave bequeath
return fall
pass fall
devolve fall
light fall
fall accrue
hand pass
reach pass
pass_on pass
turn_over pass
give pass
sneak slip
transmit convey
communicate convey
carry post
apportion allocate
reallocate reapportion
ration_out ration
cede surrender
deliver surrender
give_up surrender
take accept
have accept
admit accept
take accept
take_on accept
reject refuse
pass_up refuse
turn_down refuse
decline refuse
honour honor
contribute put_up
dishonour dishonor
secure procure
get_into get_in
squeeze_out eke_out
squeeze_out eke_out
enlist engage
squeeze extort
rack extort
gouge extort
wring extort
black_market run
palm_off foist_off
fob_off foist_off
realise realize
auction_off auction
auctioneer auction
sell deal
trade deal
bring_in fetch
bring fetch
sell_up sell_out
liquidize sell_out
retrieve recover
find recover
regain recover
happen find
chance find
bump find
encounter find
log_on log_in
log-in log_in
log_off log_out
recoup recover
recuperate recover
reimburse recoup
recompense compensate
remunerate compensate
recompense compensate
repair compensate
indemnify compensate
ante_up pay_up
pay pay_up
pay_off pay
make_up pay
compensate pay
default_on default
allot accord
grant accord
grant allow
deed_over grant
value prize
treasure prize
appreciate prize
cash_in cash
pay_off redeem
redeem ransom
change exchange
interchange exchange
replace substitute
interchange substitute
exchange substitute
sub substitute
stand_in substitute
fill_in substitute
swap trade
swop trade
switch trade
bargain_down beat_down
higgle haggle
chaffer haggle
huckster haggle
bargain dicker
trade_in trade
merchandise trade
present award
grant award
pension_off pension
submit present
bestow confer
shower lavish
calculate account
lay_aside save
save_up save
wanton_away wanton
trifle_away wanton
nickel-and-dime penny-pinch
expend spend
drop spend
occupy take
use_up take
blow waste
squander waste
fling splurge
husband conserve
economize conserve
economise conserve
rationalise rationalize
forage scrounge
shnorr schnorr
scrounge schnorr
cadge schnorr
bum mooch
cadge mooch
grub mooch
sponge mooch
put invest
commit invest
place invest
job speculate
capture appropriate
seize appropriate
conquer appropriate
attach impound
sequester impound
confiscate impound
seize impound
garnish garnishee
buy_out take_over
buy_up take_over
usurp assume
seize assume
take_over assume
arrogate assume
lay_claim claim
arrogate claim
repossess reclaim
assign arrogate
cabbage pilfer
purloin pilfer
pinch pilfer
abstract pilfer
snarf pilfer
swipe pilfer
hook pilfer
sneak pilfer
filch pilfer
nobble pilfer
lift pilfer
lift rustle
stick_up hold_up
plagiarise plagiarize
lift plagiarize
turn_a_profit profit
turn_a_nice_penny turn_a_nice_dime
turn_a_nice_dollar turn_a_nice_dime
capitalise capitalize
take_advantage capitalize
preserve conserve
maintain conserve
keep_up conserve
exhaust run_down
play_out run_down
sap run_down
tire run_down
hive_away store
lay_in store
put_in store
salt_away store
stack_away store
stash_away store
hold retain
keep_back retain
hold_back retain
hold_open keep_open
keep keep_open
save keep_open
corrupt bribe
buy bribe
grease_one's_palms bribe
pay_off buy_off
return refund
repay refund
give_back refund
carry stock
stockpile stock
regain find
turn_up locate
strike fall_upon
come_upon fall_upon
light_upon fall_upon
chance_upon fall_upon
come_across fall_upon
chance_on fall_upon
happen_upon fall_upon
attain fall_upon
discover fall_upon
pick foot
nail pinpoint
win acquire
gain acquire
turn_a_loss lose
take_in gain
clear gain
make gain
earn gain
realize gain
realise gain
pull_in gain
bring_in gain
bring_home take_home
shovel_in rake_in
garner earn
gain profit
benefit profit
do_good benefit
sack net
sack_up net
clear net
clear net
pay yield
bear yield
gain derive
rout_out rout_up
bag pocket
defalcate embezzle
peculate embezzle
misappropriate embezzle
malversate embezzle
draw reap
fork_over hand_over
fork_out hand_over
fork_up hand_over
turn_in hand_over
deliver hand_over
render hand_over
divvy_up share
portion_out share
apportion share
deal share
administer distribute
mete_out distribute
deal distribute
parcel_out distribute
lot distribute
dispense distribute
shell_out distribute
deal_out distribute
dish_out distribute
allot distribute
dole_out distribute
share partake
partake_in partake
communalise communalize
leave impart
give impart
pass_on impart
signalise signalize
proffer offer
extend offer
offer extend
bid offer
tender offer
subscribe pledge
call bid
pay_out disburse
take_over bear
accept bear
assume bear
carry-the_can face_the_music
hold bear
monger peddle
huckster peddle
hawk peddle
vend peddle
pitch peddle
give_up forfeit
throw_overboard forfeit
waive forfeit
forgo forfeit
forego forfeit
retake recapture
snaffle snap_up
grab snap_up
collect roll_up
accumulate roll_up
pile_up roll_up
amass roll_up
compile roll_up
hoard roll_up
pick_up collect
gather_up collect
call_for collect
stash hoard
cache hoard
lay_away hoard
hive_up hoard
squirrel_away hoard
impose levy
assess tax
give contribute
chip_in contribute
kick_in contribute
apply give
return render
resubmit feed_back
submit render
restitute restore
bank deposit
check_out cheque
draw withdraw
take_out withdraw
draw_off withdraw
hive_off divert
call_in recall
call_back recall
withdraw recall
smooth_out smooth
disinvest divest
strip deprive
divest deprive
displume deplume
disown disinherit
relinquish release
resign release
free release
give_up release
yield concede
cede concede
grant concede
give grant
pauperize beggar
pauperise beggar
ruin bankrupt
break bankrupt
smash bankrupt
soak overcharge
surcharge overcharge
gazump overcharge
fleece overcharge
plume overcharge
pluck overcharge
rob overcharge
hook overcharge
bill charge
run_up chalk_up
snitch hook
thieve hook
cop hook
knock_off hook
glom hook
pluck hustle
roll hustle
buy_in stock
stock_up stock
loan lend
impart lend
bestow lend
contribute lend
add lend
bring lend
transfuse instill
browse shop
buy_food take_out
provide supply
render supply
furnish supply
capitalise capitalize
air-condition air-cool
whisker bewhisker
cloy surfeit
place locate
site locate
glaze glass
crenelate crenel
crenellate crenel
canalize canal
canalise canal
computerise computerize
purvey provision
give yield
afford yield
fit equip
fit_out equip
outfit equip
transistorise transistorize
kit_up kit_out
kit kit_out
rejig re-equip
armour armor
accoutre accouter
vitaminise vitaminize
fill_out eke_out
prosper thrive
fly_high thrive
flourish thrive
give sacrifice
sign_over sign_away
repay requite
repay reward
pay_back reward
despoil plunder
loot plunder
reave plunder
strip plunder
rifle plunder
ransack plunder
pillage plunder
foray plunder
plunder sack
plunder loot
stint scrimp
skimp scrimp
give_up spare
part_with spare
dispense_with spare
borrow adopt
take_over adopt
take_up adopt
follow adopt
espouse adopt
soak pawn
hock pawn
charge consign
institutionalize commit
institutionalise commit
send commit
charge commit
hospitalise hospitalize
intrust entrust
trust entrust
confide entrust
commit entrust
knock_off shave
harbour harbor
free rid
disembarrass rid
underprice dump
manipulate rig
undercut undersell
pay_off liquidate
amortise amortize
articulate joint
get have
make have
leave entrust
fire fuel
oversupply flood
glut flood
economize save
economise save
open afford
give afford
drive_home deliver
call_in call
top_out top
reflectorise reflectorize
edge border
entail fee-tail
de-aerate deaerate
desulphurize desulfurize
resign vacate
renounce vacate
give_up vacate
move act
satisfise satisfice
manoeuver maneuver
manoeuvre maneuver
proceed go
move go
embark venture
steamroll steamroller
put_forward assert
sit_back sit_by
bull_through bull
dare make_bold
presume make_bold
engage prosecute
pursue prosecute
practice commit
wage engage
provide put_up
offer put_up
follow_up_on pursue
act_on pursue
check_out run_down
marginalise marginalize
oppose react
go_against buck
backlash backfire
recoil backfire
renounce abdicate
take_up start
withdraw retire
withdraw bow_out
back_off chicken_out
pull_out chicken_out
back_down chicken_out
bow_out chicken_out
enter accede
adopt assume
take_on assume
take_over assume
quit leave_office
step_down leave_office
resign leave_office
depart leave
pull_up_stakes leave
instal install
invest induct
seat induct
ask_over invite
ask_round invite
pay_for invite
disinvest divest
consecrate ordain
ordinate ordain
order ordain
vest invest
enthrone invest
clothe invest
adorn invest
socialise socialize
groom prepare
train prepare
coeducate co-educate
school educate
train educate
cultivate educate
civilize educate
civilise educate
socialise socialize
touch_base get_in_touch
connect get_in_touch
get_around swing
fraternise fraternize
induct initiate
coronate crown
throne enthrone
designate delegate
depute delegate
assign delegate
reassign transfer
take fill
occupy fill
deputize depute
deputise depute
deputize substitute
deputise substitute
step_in substitute
depute delegate
kick_off inaugurate
name appoint
nominate appoint
constitute appoint
nominate name
make name
upgrade promote
advance promote
kick_upstairs promote
raise promote
elevate promote
gentle ennoble
entitle ennoble
baronetise baronetize
lionise lionize
celebrate lionize
dub knight
bump demote
relegate demote
break demote
kick_downstairs demote
favor prefer
favour prefer
screen_out screen
sieve screen
sort screen
return reelect
propose nominate
throw_out oust
drum_out oust
boot_out oust
kick_out oust
expel oust
subvert overthrow
overturn overthrow
bring_down overthrow
fire displace
give_notice displace
can displace
dismiss displace
give_the_axe displace
send_away displace
sack displace
force_out displace
give_the_sack displace
terminate displace
lay_off furlough
move_out take_out
remove take_out
force_out depose
replace supplant
supersede supplant
supervene_upon supplant
supercede supplant
displace preempt
come_after succeed
follow succeed
labor tug
labour tug
push tug
drive tug
struggle fight
come_before precede
put_to_work work
exploit overwork
engage hire
employ hire
contract sign
sign_on sign
sign_up sign
continue retain
keep retain
keep_on retain
do_work work
take_time_off take_off
relieve take_over
walk_out strike
scab fink
rat fink
blackleg fink
waitress wait
beaver_away beaver
work_on work_at
belabour belabor
putter potter
peg_away plug_away
slog plug_away
keep_one's_nose_to_the_grindstone plug_away
keep_one's_shoulder_to_the_wheel plug_away
occupy busy
smatter dabble
play_around dabble
join_forces collaborate
cooperate collaborate
get_together collaborate
go_along play_along
wink_at connive_at
laze idle
slug idle
stagnate idle
moon_around moon
moon_on moon
warm_the_bench ride_the_bench
moon daydream
recreate play
paddle dabble
splash_around dabble
labour labor
toil labor
fag labor
travail labor
grind labor
drudge labor
dig labor
moil labor
break_one's_back slave
buckle_down slave
knuckle_down slave
liberate free
release free
unloose free
unloosen free
loose free
discharge free
keep restrain
keep_back restrain
hold_back restrain
allow let
permit let
allow give_up
bottle_up inhibit
suppress inhibit
quash repress
keep_down repress
subdue repress
subjugate repress
reduce repress
suppress oppress
crush oppress
offer volunteer
open_up open
close close_up
fold close_up
shut_down close_up
close_down close_up
reinstate restore
reestablish restore
set_up establish
found establish
launch establish
get_rid_of abolish
enact ordain
withdraw adjourn
retire adjourn
gather meet
assemble meet
forgather meet
foregather meet
league_together band_oneself
dissociate disassociate
divorce disassociate
disunite disassociate
disjoint disassociate
form imprint
part separate
split_up separate
split separate
break separate
break_up separate
administrate administer
organise organize
territorialise territorialize
reorganise reorganize
shake_up reorganize
reorganise reorganize
regroup reorganize
revise retool
collectivise collectivize
sovietise sovietize
unionise unionize
organize unionize
organise unionize
fall_in join
get_together join
penetrate infiltrate
unionise unionize
disorganise disorganize
deal manage
care manage
handle manage
get_to_grips come_to_grips
toy dally
play dally
flirt dally
mind take_care
mishandle mismanage
misconduct mismanage
go_about set_about
approach set_about
steer guide
chairman chair
lead head
take_charge take_hold
take_control take_hold
command control
internationalise internationalize
monopolise monopolize
rein_in harness
draw_rein harness
rein harness
supervise oversee
superintend oversee
manage oversee
run operate
licence license
certify license
derecognize decertify
derecognise decertify
carry_on conduct
deal conduct
follow be
specialise specialize
endorse certify
indorse certify
organize form
organise form
keep_out exclude
shut_out exclude
shut exclude
let_in admit
include admit
take_part participate
keep prevent
hinder impede
forestall prevent
foreclose prevent
preclude prevent
forbid prevent
forefend debar
forfend debar
obviate debar
deflect debar
avert debar
head_off debar
stave_off debar
fend_off debar
avoid debar
ward_off debar
favor privilege
favour privilege
endorse back
indorse back
plump_for back
plunk_for back
support back
canvass poll
canvas poll
circularise circularize
police patrol
stand_watch stand_guard
keep_guard stand_guard
stand_sentinel stand_guard
observe watch
follow watch
watch_over watch
keep_an_eye_on watch
sit baby-sit
entomb bury
inhume bury
inter bury
lay_to_rest bury
exhume disinter
honor respect
honour respect
abide_by respect
observe respect
get_on_with get_along_with
get_on get_along_with
get_along get_along_with
canvas canvass
buttonhole lobby
put_up house
domiciliate house
lease rent
hire rent
charter rent
lease rent
farm_out subcontract
job subcontract
vote_down turn_thumbs_down
shirk fiddle
shrink_from fiddle
goldbrick fiddle
skulk malinger
save spare
favour favor
ratify sign
cosign co-sign
ostracise ostracize
send_packing dismiss
send_away dismiss
drop dismiss
patronise patronize
shop patronize
shop_at patronize
buy_at patronize
frequent patronize
sponsor patronize
pass legislate
liberalise liberalize
liberalise liberalize
split divide
split_up divide
separate divide
dissever divide
carve_up divide
sectionalise sectionalize
unitise unitize
splinter sliver
Balkanise balkanize
unify unite
associate consociate
confederate band_together
reunite reunify
inscribe enroll
enter enroll
enrol enroll
recruit enroll
register cross-file
take_stock inventory
stock-take inventory
impanel empanel
blackball veto
negative veto
shoot_down kill
defeat kill
vote_down kill
vote_out kill
authorise empower
authorize empower
indue endow
gift endow
empower endow
invest endow
endue endow
recognize accredit
recognise accredit
charge appoint
unfrock defrock
disfranchise disenfranchise
enfranchise affranchise
strike_down cancel
call_off cancel
scratch cancel
scrub cancel
annul invalidate
quash invalidate
void invalidate
avoid invalidate
nullify invalidate
formalize validate
formalise validate
formalise formalize
supply issue
criminalize outlaw
criminalise outlaw
illegalize outlaw
illegalise outlaw
monetise monetize
legalise legalize
decriminalize legalize
decriminalise legalize
legitimize legalize
legitimise legalize
legitimate legalize
legitimatize legalize
legitimatise legalize
integrate desegregate
mix desegregate
slay murder
hit murder
dispatch murder
bump_off murder
off murder
polish_off murder
remove murder
put_to_death execute
quarter draw
draw_and_quarter draw
gibbet pillory
pip shoot
fry electrocute
string_up hang
go_out go_steady
date go_steady
see go_steady
invite_out ask_out
take_out ask_out
get_together meet
stay_together stick_together
call_in visit
call visit
drop_in drop_by
come_by drop_by
get_married marry
wed marry
conjoin marry
hook_up_with marry
get_hitched_with marry
espouse marry
wed marry
tie marry
splice marry
solemnise solemnize
pair_off pair
partner_off pair
couple pair
split_up divorce
fete celebrate
racket revel
make_whoopie revel
make_merry revel
make_happy revel
whoop_it_up revel
jollify revel
wassail revel
divert amuse
disport amuse
see visit
roister carouse
riot carouse
censor ban
release free
incarcerate imprison
lag imprison
immure imprison
put_behind_bars imprison
jail imprison
jug imprison
gaol imprison
put_away imprison
remand imprison
bust raid
detain confine
cage_in cage
pin_down trap
emancipate manumit
subject subjugate
set_free liberate
liberate emancipate
hold reserve
book reserve
fine ticket
deport expatriate
exile expatriate
penalize punish
penalise punish
victimise victimize
try hear
retry rehear
adjudicate judge
try judge
throw_out expel
kick_out expel
debar suspend
rusticate send_down
allow_in admit
let_in admit
intromit admit
turn_down reject
turn_away reject
refuse reject
deliver extradite
deport extradite
relegate banish
bar banish
ban banish
ostracize banish
ostracise banish
shun banish
cast_out banish
blackball banish
ban banish
hale coerce
squeeze coerce
pressure coerce
force coerce
turn_up_the_pressure turn_up_the_heat
steamroll steamroller
sandbag dragoon
railroad dragoon
terrorise terrorize
oblige compel
obligate compel
trouble trouble_oneself
bother trouble_oneself
inconvenience_oneself trouble_oneself
put_out trouble
inconvenience trouble
disoblige trouble
discommode trouble
incommode trouble
bother trouble
stigmatise stigmatize
brand stigmatize
denounce stigmatize
mark stigmatize
skimp scant
localise localize
hold_in control
hold control
contain control
check control
curb control
moderate control
regularize regulate
regularise regulate
order regulate
govern regulate
district zone
separate discriminate
single_out discriminate
disfavor disadvantage
disfavour disadvantage
handle treat
do_by treat
run_roughshod ride_roughshod
brutalise brutalize
skate_over gloss_over
smooth_over gloss_over
slur_over gloss_over
skimp_over gloss_over
scant skimp
maltreat mistreat
abuse mistreat
ill-use mistreat
step mistreat
ill-treat mistreat
misconduct misbehave
misdemean misbehave
carry_on act_up
stoop condescend
lower_oneself condescend
acquit behave
bear behave
deport behave
conduct behave
comport behave
carry behave
posture pose
attitudinise attitudinize
comport behave
compensate right
redress right
correct right
overcompensate over-correct
aby expiate
abye expiate
atone expiate
catch_up_with make_up
verify control
resist protest
dissent protest
march demonstrate
ace breeze_through
pass_with_flying_colors breeze_through
sweep_through breeze_through
sail_through breeze_through
nail breeze_through
negociate pull_off
bring_off pull_off
carry_off pull_off
manage pull_off
manage do
clear pass
flunk fail
bomb fail
flush_it fail
win succeed
come_through succeed
bring_home_the_bacon succeed
deliver_the_goods succeed
hit_the_jackpot luck_out
nail nail_down
peg nail_down
make_it pass
act work
accomplish achieve
attain achieve
reach achieve
strike come_to
finagle wangle
manage wangle
bodge botch
bumble botch
fumble botch
botch_up botch
muff botch
blow botch
flub botch
screw_up botch
ball_up botch
spoil botch
muck_up botch
bungle botch
fluff botch
bollix botch
bollix_up botch
bollocks botch
bollocks_up botch
bobble botch
mishandle botch
louse_up botch
foul_up botch
mess_up botch
fuck_up botch
go_wrong fail
miscarry fail
neglect fail
fall_flat fall_through
founder fall_through
flop fall_through
seek try
attempt try
essay try
assay try
give_it_a_try have_a_go
be_at_pains take_pains
endeavour endeavor
strive endeavor
prove test
try test
try_out test
examine test
essay test
give_it_a_try give_it_a_whirl
try_out experiment
test screen
breathalyse breathalyze
democratise democratize
democratise democratize
relinquish waive
forgo waive
forego waive
foreswear waive
dispense_with waive
court woo
romance woo
solicit woo
court woo
chase_after chase
take_stage take_the_stage
splinter secede
break_away secede
break_away break
pull_strings manipulate
pull_wires manipulate
act_upon influence
work influence
colour color
swing_over swing
sell betray
tie bind
attach bind
bond bind
deracinate uproot
step_in intervene
interfere intervene
interpose intervene
tamper meddle
master dominate
take_in_charge undertake
raise rear
bring_up rear
nurture rear
parent rear
attend_to serve
wait_on serve
attend serve
assist serve
serve service
follow comply
abide_by comply
undermine sabotage
countermine sabotage
counteract sabotage
subvert sabotage
weaken sabotage
countervail counteract
neutralize counteract
counterbalance counteract
chance gamble
risk gamble
hazard gamble
take_chances gamble
adventure gamble
run_a_risk gamble
take_a_chance gamble
luck_through luck_it
hazard venture
adventure venture
stake venture
jeopardize venture
put_on_the_line risk
lay_on_the_line risk
honour honor
reward honor
recognise recognize
dignify ennoble
disgrace dishonor
dishonour dishonor
attaint dishonor
shame dishonor
assist help
aid help
succour succor
hasten expedite
take_care attend
look attend
see attend
give_care care
fuss mother
overprotect mother
salve salvage
relieve salvage
save salvage
deliver rescue
redeem deliver
save deliver
carry_through save
pull_through save
bring_through save
reconstruct restore
correct discipline
sort_out discipline
train discipline
check discipline
condition discipline
streetwalk street-walk
further foster
advance promote
boost promote
further promote
encourage promote
lead contribute
conduce contribute
back_up support
back second
endorse second
indorse second
blockade obstruct
block obstruct
hinder obstruct
stymie obstruct
stymy obstruct
embarrass obstruct
queer thwart
spoil thwart
scotch thwart
foil thwart
cross thwart
frustrate thwart
baffle thwart
bilk thwart
halt stop
block stop
kibosh stop
implement enforce
apply enforce
impose enforce
do make
apply practice
use practice
perform do
underperform underachieve
give_one's_best go_all_out
do_one's_best go_all_out
give_full_measure go_all_out
execute run
discharge dispatch
complete dispatch
relieve exempt
free exempt
antagonise antagonize
counteract antagonize
counteract countercheck
foresee anticipate
forestall anticipate
counter anticipate
transgress sin
trespass sin
sin drop_the_ball
blunder drop_the_ball
boob drop_the_ball
goof drop_the_ball
offend transgress
infract transgress
violate transgress
go_against transgress
breach transgress
break transgress
run_afoul conflict
infringe conflict
contravene conflict
ravish rape
violate rape
assault rape
dishonor rape
dishonour rape
outrage rape
profane desecrate
outrage desecrate
violate desecrate
sodomise sodomize
bugger sodomize
sodomise sodomize
practise practice
exercise practice
do practice
shamanise shamanize
exaggerate overdo
tackle undertake
take_on undertake
encroach impinge
entrench impinge
trench impinge
take_advantage trespass
featherbed pamper
cosset pamper
cocker pamper
baby pamper
coddle pamper
mollycoddle pamper
spoil pamper
indulge pamper
break break_in
intrude trespass
burglarise burglarize
burgle burglarize
heist burglarize
mind heed
listen heed
swindle victimize
rook victimize
goldbrick victimize
nobble victimize
diddle victimize
bunco victimize
defraud victimize
scam victimize
mulct victimize
gyp victimize
gip victimize
hornswoggle victimize
short-change victimize
con victimize
short short-change
set_up rig
rip_off cheat
chisel cheat
bunk beat
welch welsh
victimise victimize
chisel cheat
lead_on deceive
delude deceive
cozen deceive
play_a_joke_on flim-flam
play_tricks flim-flam
trick flim-flam
fob flim-flam
fox flim-flam
pull_a_fast_one_on flim-flam
play_a_trick_on flim-flam
gull fool
befool fool
cheat cheat_on
cuckold cheat_on
betray cheat_on
wander cheat_on
manipulate fudge
fake fudge
falsify fudge
cook fudge
wangle fudge
misrepresent fudge
pull_someone's_leg hoax
play_a_joke_on hoax
entrap ensnare
frame ensnare
set_up ensnare
beguile juggle
hoodwink juggle
celebrate observe
keep observe
keep observe
solemnise solemnize
pervert corrupt
subvert corrupt
demoralize corrupt
demoralise corrupt
debauch corrupt
debase corrupt
profane corrupt
vitiate corrupt
deprave corrupt
misdirect corrupt
lead_astray lead_off
bastardise bastardize
blackjack blackmail
pressure blackmail
represent defend
sue action
litigate action
process action
commit perpetrate
pull perpetrate
arise rebel
rise rebel
rise_up rebel
renegade rebel
balk resist
baulk resist
jib resist
desert defect
foment agitate
stir_up agitate
oppress persecute
make_it arrive
get_in arrive
go_far arrive
persuade carry
sway carry
becharm charm
rule govern
tyrannise tyrannize
grind_down tyrannize
get_by cope
make_out cope
make_do cope
contend cope
grapple cope
deal cope
manage cope
extemporize improvise
cut hack
scrape_by scrape_along
scratch_along scrape_along
squeak_by scrape_along
squeeze_by scrape_along
rub_along scrape_along
pal_up pal
chum_up pal
pass_on relegate
submit relegate
associate consort
affiliate consort
assort consort
fight crusade
press crusade
campaign crusade
push crusade
agitate crusade
resort fall_back
recur fall_back
colonise colonize
decolonise decolonize
womanize philander
womanise philander
deign condescend
descend condescend
compere emcee
trifle frivol
proctor invigilate
queen_it_over lord_it_over
put_on_airs lord_it_over
act_superior lord_it_over
match meet
cope_with meet
wash_out rain_out
make_sure make_a_point
take_over repeat
puff_up swell
gather assemble
get_together assemble
fool_around play_around
get_away escape
start begin
call_the_tune call_the_shots
wear_the_trousers call_the_shots
call address
loosen relax
loosen relax
loosen_up relax
go_off_at_half-cock go_off_half-cocked
unify unite
distress straiten
be exist
knock_about kick_around
kick_about kick_around
stretch_along stretch
neighbour neighbor
neighbour neighbor
start begin
start begin
kick_in set_in
stop end
finish end
terminate end
cease end
close conclude
come_out turn_out
define specify
delineate specify
delimit specify
delimitate specify
shine fall
strike fall
go_to attend
offer_up offer
skip cut
play_hooky bunk_off
live be
live_down unlive
pig_it pig
bach bachelor
survive exist
live exist
subsist exist
drift freewheel
fare do
make_out do
come do
get_along do
last survive
live survive
live_on survive
go survive
endure survive
hold_up survive
hold_out survive
hold_up stand_up
hold_water stand_up
stay last_out
ride_out last_out
outride last_out
add_up make_sense
outlast outlive
survive outlive
pull_through survive
pull_round survive
come_through survive
make_it survive
yield succumb
represent constitute
make_up constitute
comprise constitute
be constitute
constitute form
make form
divide separate
interdepend hang_together
link connect
link_up connect
join connect
unite connect
interconnect complect
interlink complect
bridge_over bridge
bridge_over tide_over
keep_going tide_over
take_form form
take_shape form
spring form
arise originate
rise originate
develop originate
uprise originate
spring_up originate
grow originate
emerge come_forth
follow come
come_up arise
bob_up arise
swell well_up
turn become
add_up come
amount come
ask necessitate
postulate necessitate
need necessitate
require necessitate
take necessitate
involve necessitate
call_for necessitate
demand necessitate
cry_for cry_out_for
rid_of obviate
eliminate obviate
rule_out preclude
close_out preclude
contain incorporate
comprise incorporate
encompass embrace
comprehend embrace
cover embrace
feature have
combine unite
feature sport
boast sport
lack miss
comprise consist
correspond equate
turn_out prove
turn_up prove
ensue result
flow_from be_due
implicate entail
imply entail
mean entail
result leave
lead leave
involve imply
tangle_with get_into
imply incriminate
inculpate incriminate
abide bide
stay bide
outstay overstay
cool_one's_heels kick_one's_heels
stick_around stand_by
stick_about stand_by
stick_by stand_by
stick stand_by
adhere stand_by
stick adhere
lounge loiter
footle loiter
lollygag loiter
loaf loiter
lallygag loiter
hang_around loiter
mess_about loiter
tarry loiter
linger loiter
lurk loiter
mill_about loiter
mill_around loiter
lurch prowl
bum_around bum
bum_about bum
arse_around bum
arse_about bum
fuck_off bum
loaf bum
frig_around bum
waste_one's_time bum
lounge_around bum
loll bum
loll_around bum
lounge_about bum
lie_around lie_about
skulk lurk
linger_over dwell_on
waver hesitate
waffle hesitate
linger hover
pause hesitate
hold_off wait
hold_back wait
stall procrastinate
drag_one's_feet procrastinate
drag_one's_heels procrastinate
shillyshally procrastinate
dilly-dally procrastinate
dillydally procrastinate
prorogue postpone
hold_over postpone
put_over postpone
table postpone
shelve postpone
set_back postpone
defer postpone
remit postpone
put_off postpone
respite reprieve
dominate predominate
rule predominate
reign predominate
prevail predominate
number total
add_up total
come total
amount total
average_out average
outweigh preponderate
overbalance preponderate
outbalance preponderate
matter count
weigh count
press weigh
merit deserve
persist prevail
die_hard prevail
run prevail
endure prevail
run_for run
hold prevail
obtain prevail
reside occupy
lodge_in occupy
fill occupy
dowse douse
dwell populate
live populate
inhabit populate
shack reside
domicile reside
domiciliate reside
live_together cohabit
shack_up cohabit
accommodate lodge
stay_over sleep_over
stop_over lay_over
billet quarter
canton quarter
consist dwell
lie dwell
lie_in dwell
appertain pertain
encamp camp
camp_out camp
bivouac camp
tent camp
overrun invade
infest invade
keep_one's_eyes_off stand_back
keep_one's_distance stand_back
keep_one's_hands_off stand_back
stay_away stand_back
harbour harbor
room board
fit match
correspond match
check match
jibe match
gibe match
tally match
agree match
check_out check
duplicate twin
parallel twin
go fit
co-occur coincide
cooccur coincide
construe_with collocate_with
cooccur_with collocate_with
co-occur_with collocate_with
go_with collocate_with
vary deviate
diverge deviate
depart deviate
belie contradict
negate contradict
underpin corroborate
bear_out corroborate
support corroborate
rest_on repose_on
build_on repose_on
build_upon repose_on
rely_on depend_on
depend_upon depend_on
rely_on depend_on
rely_upon depend_on
hang_by_a_hair hang_by_a_thread
reside rest
repose rest
be equal
come_close approximate
counterbalance oppose
counterpoise counterweight
counterpose counterweight
counterpoint contrast
jar clash
collide clash
fit meet
conform_to meet
fill_the_bill fit_the_bill
behove behoove
go_against violate
break violate
fly_in_the_teeth_of fly_in_the_face_of
transcend exceed
overstep exceed
pass exceed
go_past exceed
top exceed
transcend exceed
surpass exceed
do suffice
answer suffice
serve suffice
serve_well serve
function serve
fulfill satisfy
fulfil satisfy
live_up_to satisfy
touch equal
rival equal
match equal
counterbalance compensate
correct compensate
make_up compensate
even_out compensate
even_off compensate
even_up compensate
compensate cover
overcompensate cover
equilibrate balance
equilibrize balance
equilibrise balance
outrank rank
stand_out excel
surpass excel
excel_at shine_at
jump_out leap_out
jump leap_out
stand_out leap_out
stick_out leap_out
recall echo
pertain refer
relate refer
concern refer
come_to refer
bear_on refer
touch refer
touch_on refer
have-to_doe_with refer
center_on focus_on
revolve_around focus_on
revolve_about focus_on
concentrate_on focus_on
center focus_on
hold apply
go_for apply
affect involve
regard involve
tangle embroil
sweep embroil
sweep_up embroil
drag embroil
drag_in embroil
disembroil disinvolve
disentangle disinvolve
mire entangle
interest concern
occupy concern
worry concern
interest matter_to
fascinate intrigue
measure_up qualify
sustain prolong
keep_up prolong
uphold continue
carry_on continue
bear_on continue
preserve continue
close_off shut_off
stop discontinue
cease discontinue
give_up discontinue
quit discontinue
lay_off discontinue
call_it_a_day call_it_quits
maintain keep
hold keep
peter_out taper_off
fizzle_out taper_off
fizzle taper_off
keep_going run_on
ramble ramble_on
jog ramble_on
expire run_out
go_on continue
proceed continue
go_along continue
keep continue
traverse cross
span cross
sweep cross
extend_to reach
touch reach
go run
pass run
lead run
extend run
lead go
lead run
ray radiate
undulate roll
top lead
continue cover
extend cover
overspread spread
stud dot
constellate dot
poke_out extend
reach_out extend
straddle range
localise localize
focalize localize
focalise localize
predate precede
sit_around sit
crest cap
look front
face front
delimit subtend
locate situate
localize place
localise place
command dominate
overlook dominate
overtop dominate
overshadow shadow
dwarf shadow
tower loom
predominate loom
hulk loom
lift rise
rear rise
jeopardize endanger
jeopardise endanger
menace endanger
threaten endanger
imperil endanger
peril endanger
beetle overhang
be embody
personify embody
characterise characterize
body_forth incarnate
embody incarnate
substantiate incarnate
transmigrate reincarnate
personify body
epitomize typify
epitomise typify
stand_for represent
correspond represent
suit befit
beseem befit
harmonise harmonize
consort harmonize
accord harmonize
concord harmonize
fit_in harmonize
agree harmonize
go blend
blend_in blend
bear hold
carry hold
contain hold
take contain
hold contain
remain_firm stand
be cost
knock_back set_back
put_back set_back
accommodate suit
fit suit
relent yield
soften yield
run_along line
approach border_on
librate weigh
endure last
hold_out wear
endure wear
drag_out drag_on
attach_to inhere_in
fall_under fall_into
vibrate hover
vacillate hover
oscillate hover
buzz hum
seethe hum
withstand defy
hold defy
hold_up defy
endure weather
brave weather
brave_out weather
apply lend_oneself
resist defy
refuse defy
wanton piddle
wanton_away piddle
piddle_away piddle
trifle piddle
pass spend
holiday vacation
do serve
get_through while_away
overwinter winter
meet converge
border bound
hold_in enclose
confine enclose
rail_in rail
box_up box_in
devolve_on depend_on
depend_upon depend_on
ride depend_on
turn_on depend_on
hinge_on depend_on
hinge_upon depend_on
precede predate
forego predate
forgo predate
antecede predate
antedate predate
follow postdate
point orient
protrude stick_out
jut_out stick_out
jut stick_out
project stick_out
push_up thrust
spear_up spear
bag bulge
pullulate teem
swarm teem
burst abound
bristle abound
teem_in abound_in
pullulate_with abound_in
accompany attach_to
come_with attach_to
go_with attach_to
companion company
accompany company
keep_company company
pack carry
take carry
swing dangle
drop dangle
loll droop
offset cancel
set_off cancel
countervail offset
disaccord disagree
discord disagree
yawn gape
yaw gape
pout sulk
brood sulk
be_given tend
lean tend
incline tend
run tend
belong belong_to
fall_out follow
come_after follow
go run
allow_for leave
allow leave
provide leave
look_out_over look_out_on
overlook look_out_on
look_across look_out_on
enter figure
pose present
rage ramp
storm ramp
escape elude
had_best do_well
represent exemplify
date_back go_back
date_from go_back
suit become
interrelate relate
forbear refrain
hold_back forbear
help help_oneself
run range
stay_on stay
continue stay
remain stay
head_up head
come fall
encounter run_into
say read
remain persist
stay persist
rest lie
number count
hold accommodate
admit accommodate
preserve keep
go_deep go_far
stay_fresh keep
terminate end
facilitate help
delineate define
come derive
descend derive
go belong
twist wind
curve wind
synchronise synchronize
contemporize synchronize
contemporise synchronize
encounter meet
receive meet
mingle jumble
waver falter
take accept
ride drive
come hail
come issue_forth
hover brood
loom brood
bulk_large brood
dominate overshadow
eclipse overshadow
allow admit
persist_in continue
adorn deck
decorate deck
grace deck
embellish deck
beautify deck
rime rhyme
summarise summarize
sum summarize
sum_up summarize
reject resist
refuse resist
broil bake
inhabit dwell
drown swim
rain_down rain
come_down precipitate
fall precipitate
mizzle drizzle
shower_down shower
spit sprinkle
spatter sprinkle
patter sprinkle
pitter-patter sprinkle
pelt pour
stream pour
rain_cats_and_dogs pour
rain_buckets pour
sluice_down sluice
frost_over ice_up
ice_over ice_up
light ignite
set_aflame set_ablaze
set_on_fire set_ablaze
set_afire set_ablaze
put_out douse
ignite erupt
catch_fire erupt
take_fire erupt
combust erupt
conflagrate erupt
enkindle kin
